## 1 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/topics/c2vdnvdg6xxt
News News Israel-Gaza war Israel receives body of soldier killed in 2014 in Gaza The Israeli military confirmed the soldier's body had been returned from Gaza after 11 years on Sunday. 2 days ago Middle East Israel says body of Lior Rudaeff has been returned from Gaza Lior Rudaeff died defending Nir Yitzhak kibbutz during the Hamas attack on 7 October 2023, the Israeli military said. 3 days ago Middle East Israel says Hamas returned body of Israeli-US soldier held hostage Itay Chen's remains were returned to Israel via the Red Cross on Tuesday, meaning seven dead hostages now remain in Gaza. 6 days ago Middle East Israeli military's ex-top lawyer arrested over leak of video allegedly showing Palestinian detainee abuse Maj Gen Yifat Tomer-Yerushalmi resigned on Friday, admitting leaking a video allegedly showing abuse of a Palestinian detainee. 3 Nov 2025 Middle East Released Israeli hostage says he was sexually assaulted in Gaza captivity In an interview with Israeli TV, Rom Braslavski described how he was stripped naked and tied up by members of Palestinian Islamic Jihad. 4 days ago Middle East Israel says Hamas returned body of dead Tanzanian hostage Joshua Mollel, a 21-year-old agriculture student, was killed at Kibbutz Nir Oz during the Hamas-led 7 October 2023 attack on Israel. 5 days ago World Inside Gaza, BBC sees total devastation after two years of war With endless rubble and destroyed streets as far as the eye can see, any plans for Gaza's future are a far cry from where it is today, writes Lucy Williamson. 6 days ago Middle East Analysis The battle over Gaza's future: Why no-one can agree on the rebuild From AI-powered super cities to designs that capture its 'soul and spirit', plans have already been draw up - but political obstacles remain Can the Gaza ceasefire deal survive? Its prospects depend heavily on the continuing engagement of the Trump White House, writes Frank Gardner. Watch: UN official says Gaza ruins 'like Hiroshima' Humanitarian chief Tom Fletcher talk to the BBC about scenes of despair he witnessed on a recent trip to the costal enclave. New images show Israeli control line deeper into Gaza than expected Israel has placed boundary markers up to 520m deeper inside Gaza than expected under the ceasefire deal with Hamas. Bowen: Trump's role in Gaza ceasefire was decisive, but not a roadmap to peace Trump's Middle East visit was a victory lap - but peace does not emerge just because a president decides it. Human stories Gaza children dying as they wait for Israel to enable evacuations Around 15,000 Gazans are waiting for urgent medical treatment, according to the UN. Gaza doctors struggle to investigate 'signs of torture' on unnamed dead returned by Israel Photographs show bodies with multiple signs of injury and wrists tied behind their backs. UN's top court says Israel obliged to allow UN aid into Gaza The court also says Israel has not substantiated its allegations against the UN agency for Palestinian refugees. 'I'm 89 and I saw my homeland rebuilt before - but now I don't believe Gaza has a future' One Palestinian family shares their story of life coming full circle - and what they believe lies ahead as talk turns to rebuilding Gaza A lucky cat, a tattered football: The things Gazans kept close during two years of war The BBC speaks to Palestinians about the keepsakes and essentials they have held on to. Watch and listen again on iPlayer and Sounds Jeremy Bowen: Chances of peace in the Middle East The BBC's International Editor reflects on the ongoing peace efforts Latest updates 54 mins ago Israel passes first reading of bill proposing death penalty for people it deems terrorists The requirement means the penalty would likely be used only against Palestinians convicted of deadly attacks on Israelis. 54 mins ago 15 hrs ago British journalist to be freed from US immigration detention Sami Hamdi, a British journalist and outspoken critic of Israel, has been in ICE custody for weeks. 15 hrs ago 2 days ago Israel receives body of soldier killed in 2014 in Gaza The Israeli military confirmed the soldier's body had been returned from Gaza after 11 years on Sunday. 2 days ago 3 days ago Israel says body of Lior Rudaeff has been returned from Gaza Lior Rudaeff died defending Nir Yitzhak kibbutz during the Hamas attack on 7 October 2023, the Israeli military said. 3 days ago 3 days ago Who are the released hostages? The Israeli military says 20 living hostages have been released by Hamas and have returned to Israel. 3 days ago 4 days ago Maccabi fan ban was due to hooliganism, say police West Midlands Police did not previously reveal its reasons because "it wasn't deemed helpful". 4 days ago 4 days ago Released Israeli hostage says he was sexually assaulted in Gaza captivity In an interview with Israeli TV, Rom Braslavski described how he was stripped naked and tied up by members of Palestinian Islamic Jihad. 4 days ago 4 days ago Four held after protesters set off flares during Israeli orchestra concert in Paris Clashes broke out during one of three disruptions to the performance featuring conductor Lahav Shani. 4 days ago 4 days ago Arrests as hundreds protest at Villa-Maccabi match Eleven men are held amid a huge police operation near Villa Park involving 700 officers. 4 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 2 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/war-in-ukraine
News News War in Ukraine Six dead as Russia hits energy and residential sites in Ukraine Overnight, 25 locations including Kyiv were hit, leaving many areas without electricity and heating. 3 days ago Europe Ukrainians would like to watch comedies - but for now their culture is defined by war Nearly four years on from Russia's invasion, the arts are back but the war permeates everything. 4 days ago Europe Zelensky visits troops near embattled front line town of Pokrovsk Fierce battles are taking place in the Donetsk town that Russia has been trying to occupy for over a year. 7 days ago Europe Nato 'will stand with Ukraine' to get long-lasting peace, senior official tells BBC Admiral Giuseppe Cavo Dragone tells the BBC the Russia-Ukraine war is bogged down, and it is "almost time to sit and talk". 2 Nov 2025 Europe Russian soldier sentenced to life in jail in unprecedented Ukrainian trial In the first ruling of its kind, Dmitry Kurashov was found guilty of killing an unarmed Ukrainian soldier who had surrendered. 5 days ago Europe Why the fall of this city would matter to Ukraine and Russia The battle for Pokrovsk - on a big road and rail artery in the Donetsk region - has been going on for well over a year. 5 days ago Europe South Africans trapped in Donbas after joining Russia-Ukraine war, Ramaphosa says It is unclear whether the citizens were fighting on behalf of Russia or Ukraine. 5 days ago World Analysis In Russia's 'blitz' of Ukraine, the question of appeasement is back A large gulf remains between the US and European view of how to end the Ukraine war. What's the significance of US sanctions on Russian oil? The new measures target Moscow's ability to fund its war machine, the US Treasury said. Rosenberg: Trump abandons carrot and wields stick over Putin in Ukraine talks The BBC's Russia editor says Trump's decision to call off his Putin talks and impose oil sanctions will not go down well in Moscow. Why Trump made breakthrough in Gaza but can't with Putin over Ukraine The leaders' cancelled summit is just the latest twist in Trump's efforts to broker an end to the war, writes Anthony Zurcher. How would US Tomahawk missiles change the Ukraine-Russia war? The BBC's Jonathan Beale explains what impact the weapons might have if the US decides to send them to Ukraine. On the ground The 'Heroes of Kharkiv' who saved 48 children from kindergarten hit by Russian drone The story of a dramatic and heroic rescue that has captured the public imagination in Ukraine. Ukrainian city in total blackout after 'massive' Russian assault Across the wider region, four people are reported to have been killed and 10 others injured. Russia intensifies attacks on Ukraine's trains in 'battle for the railways' In the last two months, Russia has hugely upped its attacks on Ukraine's trains and rail network. Indian student captured by Ukraine joined Russian army to avoid drug charges, says mother Gujarat’s Sahil Majothi joined the Russian army to avoid jail over alleged drug charges. The new AI arms race changing the war in Ukraine Both Ukraine and Russia use AI in battle, but removing human decision-making comes with risks. Q&A: Trump's sanctions, Putin's nuclear drills, and Zelensky's poll ratings Your questions answered as the US puts new sanctions on Russian oil companies. Latest updates 22 hrs ago Nord Stream suspect accuses Italy of pressure to confess Serhiy Kuznetsov is wanted in Germany over the 2022 attack on Russia's Nord Stream gas pipelines. 22 hrs ago 2 days ago A Kremlin target? Exiled Church man hits back at claims of spying A former leading figure in the Russian Orthodox Church breaks his silence after an ex-aide levels allegations against him. 2 days ago 2 days ago UK to help protect Belgium after suspected Russian drone incursions Sir Richard Knighton, the UK military chief, says his Belgian counterpart requested assistance in the form of personnel and equipment this week. 2 days ago 3 days ago Six dead as Russia hits energy and residential sites in Ukraine Overnight, 25 locations including Kyiv were hit, leaving many areas without electricity and heating. 3 days ago 3 days ago Hungarian PM 'got what he wanted' in talks with Trump Donald Trump has exempted Hungary from sanctions over its continued purchases of Russian oil and gas for one year, a White House official has confirmed to BBC News. 3 days ago 3 days ago Trump gives Hungary one-year exemption from Russian energy sanctions The opt-out comes despite the US increasing pressure on allies to sever economic ties with Russia. 3 days ago 4 days ago Ukrainians would like to watch comedies - but for now their culture is defined by war Nearly four years on from Russia's invasion, the arts are back but the war permeates everything. 4 days ago 5 days ago Russian soldier sentenced to life in jail in unprecedented Ukrainian trial In the first ruling of its kind, Dmitry Kurashov was found guilty of killing an unarmed Ukrainian soldier who had surrendered. 5 days ago 5 days ago Why the fall of this city would matter to Ukraine and Russia The battle for Pokrovsk - on a big road and rail artery in the Donetsk region - has been going on for well over a year. 5 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 3 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/us-canada
News News US & Canada US Senate passes funding bill as historic shutdown nears likely end It will need to be approved by the House and then signed into law by the president before the government can reopen. 12 hrs ago US & Canada Four potential obstacles in House vote to end US shutdown The spending plan may have passed the Senate, but it's not yet a done deal in the House. 2 hrs ago US & Canada 'Government, just do your job': Frustration at US airports as shutdown delays continue Thousands of flights are at risk just before Thanksgiving. 19 hrs ago US & Canada Watch: Lava soars 1,100ft above Hawaii's Kilauea in latest eruption The fountaining event lasted for nearly five hours and was the 36th volcanic episode since December 2024. 23 hrs ago US & Canada Trump threatens BBC with legal action over Panorama speech edit The BBC's director general and head of news both resigned on Sunday after criticism of the programme. 19 hrs ago Culture Canada loses its measles-free status, with US on track to follow The country hasn't been able to curb an outbreak of more than 5,000 cases over the last year, while US cases are at a 33-year high. 20 hrs ago US & Canada Syria to join US-led coalition to defeat IS group after Trump meeting Ahmed al-Sharaa, once branded a terrorist by the US, became the first Syrian leader to visit the White House. 14 hrs ago World 18 injured in people carrier crash at Washington-area airport The people carrier was transporting people from a plane to a terminal when it crashed. British journalist to be freed from US immigration detention Sami Hamdi, a British journalist and outspoken critic of Israel, has been in ICE custody for weeks. Trump pardons Giuliani and others accused of plot to overturn 2020 election He also pardons his former White House chief of staff, Mark Meadows in a proclamation vowing to "end a grave national injustice". Supreme Court rejects challenge to legalisation of same-sex marriage The court rejected an appeal from a clerk who was ordered to pay compensation to a same-sex couple after refusing to grant a marriage licence. A jailed hacking kingpin reveals all about the gang that left a trail of destruction One of the world's most prominent cyber-criminals speaks to the BBC in an exclusive interview. Watch/Listen Watch: What New Yorkers want Mamdani to do as mayor The 34-year-old will become the city's first Muslim mayor and the youngest in more than a century when he is sworn in on 1 January 2026. Mamdani says he's a democratic socialist. What does that mean? President Donald Trump has attacked the New York City mayor-elect's political label and claims he is a communist. Ros Atkins on… A year since Trump’s election victory A year after Donald Trump’s election victory over Kamala Harris, Ros Atkins looks at how his second term has unfolded. Watch: The Iraq war to a hunting accident, Cheney's defining moments Key moments that helped shape the legacy of one of America’s most influential, and divisive, vice presidents. Watch: Moment train collides with lorry carrying vehicles According to police in Texas, the truck was transporting a full load of cars when it stopped on the railroad tracks. Features Is the US government shutdown over, and why did it happen? Even if the budget swiftly clears Congress, it will still take days to reopen the government. Ariana Grande: Going brunette is not about saying goodbye to Glinda She is resuming her role in Wicked as the Good Witch of the North with Cynthia Erivo back as Elphaba. 'Chaos has gone' - quiet streets on Texas border after Trump crackdown Parts of El Paso that were once teeming with migrants now lay largely silent as border crossings hit a 50-year low. How the US overtook China as Africa's biggest foreign investor As the two nations vie for key materials, the US has regained the lead in foreign direct investments in African countries. COP30: Trump and many leaders are skipping it, so does the summit still have a point? The US president is notably absent from these UN climate talks, as are other world leaders, all of which prompts questions about the purpose of COP today. Latest updates 2 hrs ago Four potential obstacles in House vote to end US shutdown The spending plan may have passed the Senate, but it's not yet a done deal in the House. 2 hrs ago 5 hrs ago Is the US government shutdown over, and why did it happen? Even if the budget swiftly clears Congress, it will still take days to reopen the government. 5 hrs ago 12 hrs ago US Senate passes funding bill as historic shutdown nears likely end It will need to be approved by the House and then signed into law by the president before the government can reopen. 12 hrs ago 14 hrs ago 18 injured in people carrier crash at Washington-area airport The people carrier was transporting people from a plane to a terminal when it crashed. 14 hrs ago 19 hrs ago 'Government, just do your job': Frustration at US airports as shutdown delays continue Thousands of flights are at risk just before Thanksgiving. 19 hrs ago 20 hrs ago Canada loses its measles-free status, with US on track to follow The country hasn't been able to curb an outbreak of more than 5,000 cases over the last year, while US cases are at a 33-year high. 20 hrs ago 21 hrs ago 'Chaos has gone' - quiet streets on Texas border after Trump crackdown Parts of El Paso that were once teeming with migrants now lay largely silent as border crossings hit a 50-year low. 21 hrs ago 23 hrs ago Watch: Lava soars 1,100ft above Hawaii's Kilauea in latest eruption The fountaining event lasted for nearly five hours and was the 36th volcanic episode since December 2024. 23 hrs ago 23 hrs ago Supreme Court rejects challenge to legalisation of same-sex marriage The court rejected an appeal from a clerk who was ordered to pay compensation to a same-sex couple after refusing to grant a marriage licence. 23 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 4 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/uk
News News UK UK Politics England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Kate and Queen lay Armistice Day wreaths as nation pays tribute The Queen and the Princess of Wales have joined services to mark Armistice Day in the UK. 3 hrs ago UK Court rules asylum seekers can stay at Epping hotel A council has lost its legal battle with the government in a landmark High Court ruling. 2 hrs ago Essex Nearly all NHS trusts failing to hit cancer target Experts say patients are being harmed by cancer diagnosis and treatment delays. 11 hrs ago Health Hospital trust fined £500k over death of patient Alice Figueiredo, 22, took her own life at Goodmayes Hospital, east London, in July 2015. 2 hrs ago London UK unemployment rate rises to 5% as jobs market weakens Latest official data ahead of the Budget later this month shows it is the highest rate since 2021. 3 hrs ago Business 'We've got to fight for our journalism,' BBC director general tells staff The US president has threatened to sue the BBC if it does not retract a programme which edited his speech by Friday. 2 hrs ago Hundreds arrested in High Street crime crackdown The illicit tobacco seized accounts for more than £3.5m worth of duty evaded, the NCA estimates. 11 hrs ago Business Met Office yellow warnings for rain and wind amid flood threat Weather warnings are in force across parts of the UK as heavy rain could lead to localised flooding as Simon King explains. Jilly Cooper died from head injury says coroner The popular author suffered the injury during a fall at her rural home, an inquest was told. Ex-MP Mordaunt 'feared violence' by alleged stalker The former Portsmouth North MP says she believes her accused stalker is "a real threat" to her. Government sets out plan to phase out animal experiments The plan follows up on a manifesto promise to work towards the phasing out the practice. Wylfa nuclear plans expected to get go-ahead in days Anglesey is understood to have been chosen after UK ministers reached a decision on the site. Watch/Listen Ros Atkins on... the BBC resignations The BBC's Analysis Editor Ros Atkins looks at the resignations of BBC bosses - and how this crisis didn't come out of nowhere. 'We should have acted earlier', says BBC chair Samir Shah Shah was asked why the corporation did not investigate concerns around the editing of a BBC documentary earlier. Watch: How Tim Davie addressed BBC controversies over the years The BBC's director general Tim Davie has resigned over Trump documentary edit. King Charles leads Remembrance Sunday service silence at Cenotaph King Charles III laid a wreath at the monument in central London as the nation remembered its war dead. Features & analysis Cryptoqueen who fled China for London mansion jailed over £5bn Bitcoin stash Qian Zhimin bought cryptocurrency using funds stolen from thousands of Chinese pensioners, say police. The WW1 piper who marched through gas, bullets and bombs to save his regiment Daniel Laidlaw was awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery in the face of battle. Matt Smith and Nick Cave on bringing sex addict salesman to life in TV drama The musician's tale of sex, guilt and grief has been reimagined as a TV series starring Matt Smith. 'I use buy now, pay later for groceries and other essentials. I'm £3k in debt' Debt organisations say more people are seeking help after using loan apps to pay for everyday items. Katie Razzall: Robust leadership needed to steer BBC through crisis The corporation has been plunged into a crisis some would argue is of its own making. More from the UK Man interviewed by police over Bob Vylan set The interview is part of an investigation into chants about Israel Defence Forces at the festival. Catherine Connolly becomes tenth president of Ireland Catherine Connolly takes over the role from Michael D Higgins, whose 14-year term ended at midnight. Ambulance service recruits extra staff to ease winter pressures The new staff will help the NHS cope with increasing demands on emergency services. Wylfa nuclear plans expected to get go-ahead in days Anglesey is understood to have been chosen after UK ministers reached a decision on the site. Latest updates 1 hr ago Strikes at helicopter manufacturer to go ahead Aerospace workers will strike over pay Leonardo after rejecting Leonardo's latest pay offer. 1 hr ago 3 hrs ago How to stay safe during a storm and what to do in a power cut The rain and high winds experienced during stormy weather can damage homes and cause power outages. 3 hrs ago 3 hrs ago Kate and Queen lay Armistice Day wreaths as nation pays tribute The Queen and the Princess of Wales have joined services to mark Armistice Day in the UK. 3 hrs ago 9 hrs ago EasyJet re-creates first flight on 30th anniversary Capt Fred Rivett recalls telling the airline's founder to stop "yakking" ahead of inaugural flight. 9 hrs ago 9 hrs ago Move to greener travel 'not quick enough' The Better Journeys Project wants islanders to embrace active travel to reduce carbon emissions. 9 hrs ago 21 hrs ago William recalls Kate cancer talk with children He said they chose to "communicate a lot more" with their children about challenges being faced. 21 hrs ago 1 day ago Ferry port repairs delayed as crane not available Repairs on the berth at the Manx-owned ferry terminal in Liverpool are pushed back further. 1 day ago 2 days ago A moment of stillness for Royal Family at poignant Remembrance King Charles was joined by about 20 World War Two veterans at the annual Remembrance Sunday commemorations. 2 days ago 2 days ago Charities awarded £427k by Channel Islands Lottery Grants were awarded to groups providing access to physical activities and support networks. 2 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 5 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/politics
News News UK UK Politics England N. Ireland Scotland Wales More than 90 prisoners freed by mistake since April The government publishes new figures for England and Wales, as it faces pressure over accidental releases. 12 mins ago Politics Reeves suggests benefit limits on larger families to be lifted The chancellor tells the BBC children in bigger families should not be "penalised" by the welfare system. 22 hrs ago Politics Government sets out plan to phase out animal experiments The plan follows up on a manifesto promise to work towards the phasing out the practice. 7 hrs ago Second migrant sent to France returns to the UK The man was detected by biometrics, detained immediately, and will be deported as soon as possible, the Home Office says. 23 hrs ago Politics UK unemployment rate rises to 5% as jobs market weakens Latest official data ahead of the Budget later this month shows it is the highest rate since 2021. 3 hrs ago Business Court rules asylum seekers can stay at Epping hotel A council has lost its legal battle with the government in a landmark High Court ruling. 2 hrs ago Essex LIVE 'Fight for our journalism,' outgoing director general tells BBC staff after Trump's threat to sue Trump says he will file legal action by Friday, seeking $1bn, if the BBC does not apologise and "appropriately compensate" him. Homelessness charity to become landlord for first time The charity Crisis says it is now "nearly impossible" to find housing for homeless people. Bid to oust education minister from office over Israel visit fails The move was set to fail as it needed cross-community support and unionist parties had already ruled out supporting it. Senedd election 'tipping point' for Starmer as PM One source calls the prime minister "absolutely delusional" about the likely result next May. Nandy apologises for breaking rules on football regulator appointment Report finds that new football regulator chair David Kogan had made two separate donations of £1,450 to the culture secretary. UK seeks Danish inspiration to shake up immigration system Home Secretary Shabana Mahmood is taking cues from some of the toughest migration laws in Europe. Features and analysis Chris Mason: The justice system is failing - the buck stops with Lammy Problems in the prisons and the courts are not new but they are growing and the government doesn't have a grip on them. Chris Mason: Could Reeves break a 50-year taboo by raising income tax in her Budget? It is more than half a century since a chancellor chose to put up the basic rate of income tax. What a UK government led by Reform would really look like What the party's first six months at the helm at local level shows about how they govern - and whether they can keep their promises Will Bank of England governor play Santa or Scrooge on interest rates? The interest rate decision was made by the narrowest of margins, meaning all eyes are now on the Bank's December meeting. 'Taxes are going up' - BBC decodes Reeves's pre-Budget speech Henry Zeffman analyses what may be in the chancellor's upcoming budget plans. From our Political Editor Chris Mason The justice system is failing - the buck stops with Lammy Problems in the prisons and the courts are not new but they are growing and the government doesn't have a grip on them. Could Reeves break a 50-year taboo by raising income tax in her Budget? It is more than half a century since a chancellor chose to put up the basic rate of income tax. As crises pile up, can the Home Office be fixed? The government confronts a cluster of catastrophes, all linked to small boat crossings. Will Lucy Powell's win turn things around for Labour? Chris Mason looks at what Lucy Powell's return to frontline politics might mean for Labour. Chris Mason: Extraordinary Caerphilly by-election humbles Westminster's big beasts Plaid Cymru win 47% of the vote in a record turnout, while Labour and the Tories manage just 13% between them. BBC InDepth What a UK government led by Reform would really look like What the party's first six months at the helm at local level shows about how they govern - and whether they can keep their promises The battle is on for the Conservatives to show they matter As the party's annual conference begins, there are reasons for the current leadership to be gloomy, writes Laura Kuenssberg. How much trouble is Labour in - and is the PM the right man for the job? Ahead of Labour's annual conference, Laura Kuenssberg talks to ministers, MPs and advisers about Starmer's position. Nick Robinson: How the simmering row over freedom of speech in the UK reached boiling point How did we reach a point where the UK is being compared to a 'tin pot Third World dictatorship'? Trump's state visit is mired with potential pitfalls despite careful planning Months of preparations have gone into this state visit - but the Lord Mandelson question is not the only concern troubling insiders. Watch/Listen Reform UK says BBC 'infected with left-wing bias' Leader Nigel Farage cites Rhuanedd Richards' role as BBC director of nations as 'living proof' of bias. Reform UK school taxi letter used as 'political football' Council leader George Finch answered questions on home-to-school transport on BBC CWR on Friday. Watch: US election night's big winners… in 90 seconds Zohran Mamdani, who will become New York City's youngest mayor since 1892, said in his victory speech that his win was a 'mandate for change'. Reporter Reads Alex Forsyth looks at what the party's first six months running councils tells us. 'Taxes are going up' - BBC decodes Reeves's pre-Budget speech Henry Zeffman analyses what may be in the chancellor's upcoming budget plans.

## 6 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/england
News News UK UK Politics England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Man interviewed by police over Bob Vylan set The interview is part of an investigation into chants about Israel Defence Forces at the festival. 34 mins ago Somerset Court rules asylum seekers can stay at Epping hotel A council has lost its legal battle with the government in a landmark High Court ruling. 2 hrs ago Essex 'I use buy now, pay later for groceries and other essentials. I'm £3k in debt' Debt organisations say more people are seeking help after using loan apps to pay for everyday items. 12 hrs ago South Yorkshire Ex-MP Mordaunt 'feared violence' by alleged stalker The former Portsmouth North MP says she believes her accused stalker is "a real threat" to her. 1 hr ago Hospital trust fined £500k over death of patient Alice Figueiredo, 22, took her own life at Goodmayes Hospital, east London, in July 2015. 2 hrs ago London Man killed as bin lorry crashes into building Two more people in the lorry are injured but their injuries are not thought to be life threatening. 2 hrs ago Hereford & Worcester 'I've had seven babies for other families' Statistics suggest the practice of using surrogates to have children is on the rise. 4 hrs ago England Jilly Cooper died from head injury says coroner The popular author suffered the injury during a fall at her rural home, an inquest was told. Sexual abuse 'ringleader' handed further jail term Sageer Hussain is already serving a 19-year sentence for other sexual offences committed in Rotherham. Police officer dismissed for using racist language PC Andrew Goodwin's behaviour "has no place in policing", the chief constable says. Barista has taste of fame in Netflix reality game Alice Foster runs a coffee shop in Lincoln and took part in season two of Squid Game: The Challenge. Cheating pub quiz team sparks 'massive whodunnit' A Greater Manchester pub landlord bans a quiz team after its members were caught using their smartwatches to cheat. Armistice Day War hero's song brought to life after his death A song written by D-Day veteran Donald Rose - who died in July - has been turned into reality. AI brings model village Remembrance Day scene to life Bondville Model Village has reimagined its miniature war memorial in a social media video. 'It brings us so much joy to keep 1940s music alive' Teenagers Siena, Emilia and Lottie are The Duchy Darlings, a musical trio covering wartime songs. Mural honours 'brave' fishermen who swept seas Grimsby was a key base for minesweepers in the world wars and many volunteers were trawlermen. Sand art created to mark Remembrance The artwork features a lifesize drawing of a Vulcan aircraft and took five hours to make. Stories to make you smile Gritters named Taylor Drift and Ctrl-Salt-Delete SnOasis and Professor Dumblethaw are also chosen in a competition to name 10 new gritters. First teen in years given highest cadet rank Arabella Mason is the first person chosen as a county's most senior cadet since before the pandemic. Missing flamingo thought to be living in France New photos show a flamingo on a beach in Finistere, which could be the one missing from Cornwall. Features & Analysis Ex-partner's open prison transfer is 'devastating' A man who nearly killed Natalie Queiroz will move to open prison four years earlier than expected. Tutankhamun: How Englishmen uncovered the boy-king The south plays a unique role in both the discovery and the legacy of the ancient Egyptian pharaoh. EasyJet re-creates first flight on 30th anniversary Capt Fred Rivett recalls telling the airline's founder to stop "yakking" ahead of inaugural flight. 'It's a great slog working on Christmas markets but I love every minute' Stallholders explain why working in the city's markets is both "a great slog, but such a good job". Obstacle racing 'makes me feel like a superhero' Mila Stanzani from Trowbridge just took bronze at the Obstacle World Championships in China. Watch/Listen Olympic Park velodrome reflects 'fireworks as farts' Clips of the phenomenon have gone viral on social media after it was shared to TikTok. 9 hrs ago CCTV released over fireworks murder eight years on Police are urging people to examine their consciences. 2 hrs ago Cyclist's near miss as car crashes off road Video shows the moment a car skids sideways, narrowly missing a man on a bike, before crashing. 3 days ago Northamptonshire Black Sabbath star auctions guitar for cancer unit Tony Iommi describes the shock of being diagnosed and treated for cancer. 3 hrs ago Future Winter Olympic sport? Watch Christmas tree flinging event 23 hrs ago Sussex Sport Wane's future under review, says RFL boss England head coach Shaun Wane's future will be decided "in the fullness of time", a senior figure at the Rugby Football League has told BBC Sport. Ford returns at 10 for England against All Blacks George Ford returns at fly-half and Freddie Steward at full-back for England's much-anticipated showdown with New Zealand on Saturday at Allianz Stadium in Twickenham. Trescothick hints Pope will be retained at three Marcus Trescothick hints Ollie Pope will remain as England’s first-choice number three for the Ashes, saying the tourists are “very consistent” in their selection. Arsenal and Palace games moved to ease congestion The Premier League agrees to move games involving Arsenal and Crystal Palace in December to ease concerns over fixture congestion. Latest updates Just now Ford returns at 10 for England against All Blacks George Ford returns at fly-half and Freddie Steward at full-back for England's much-anticipated showdown with New Zealand on Saturday at Allianz Stadium in Twickenham. Just now 8 mins ago Call to create official register of assistance dogs Many assistance dog handlers say they have been refused entry to venues because of their dog. 8 mins ago 12 mins ago Bus network funding scheme set to be extended The Bus Network Support Grant comes to an end on 31 December. 12 mins ago 22 mins ago Mountain rescue volunteer van smashed in car park The rescue volunteer was training when his van was damaged, with the perpetrator not stopping. 22 mins ago 1 hr ago Region falls silent to mark Armistice Day Events have taken place across the region to mark Armistice Day, including in Cleethorpes and Hull. 1 hr ago 1 hr ago Water firm agrees £11m package to cut sewage spills The company will spend the sum on infrastructure upgrades to avoid paying a penalty to HM Treasury. 1 hr ago 1 hr ago South West falls silent for Armistice Day Events were held in villages, towns, and cities across the region. 1 hr ago 2 hrs ago In pictures: Armistice Day in the East of England Thousands across the region join a two-minute silence at 11:00 GMT to mark the end of World War One. 2 hrs ago 2 hrs ago Armistice Day marked across south of England People across the south of England pay their respects to fallen service men and women. 2 hrs ago ...

## 7 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/northern_ireland
News News N. Ireland N. Ireland Politics Catherine Connolly becomes tenth president of Ireland Catherine Connolly takes over the role from Michael D Higgins, whose 14-year term ended at midnight. 30 mins ago Europe Child critical after serious crash involving lorry Emergency services were called to the scene on the Boleran Road, between Coleraine, Limavady and Garvagh, shortly before 16:00 BST on Monday. 18 hrs ago Northern Ireland Outgoing Irish president proved he was no pushover As Michael D Higgins ends his 14-year stretch as Ireland's president, Enda McClafferty looks back at his defining moments. 7 hrs ago Europe Catfish child abuser investigation 'delayed by lack of police resources' Alexander McCartney was given a life sentence last year for the online abuse of children and the manslaughter of a 12-year-old girl. 21 hrs ago Northern Ireland Armistice Day marked across Northern Ireland Politicians and members of the public gather at memorials to commemorate fallen service personnel. 20 mins ago Northern Ireland 'I'm losing dozens of shop customers over traffic nightmare' People call for political help over congestion on the 16-mile (26km) stretch of road between Drumahoe, near Londonderry, and Dungiven. 7 hrs ago Northern Ireland Woman backed by JK Rowling subjected to 'witch hunt'  - tribunal Sara Morrison who worked for Belfast Film Festival believes that people cannot change their biological sex. 23 mins ago Northern Ireland Olympic medallist Walsh 'at peace' with retirement Olympic medallist Aidan Walsh confirmed he is "at peace" with his decision to retire from boxing which "hasn't been difficult at all". Bird flu outbreak confirmed near Northern Ireland border The Republic of Ireland's minister for agriculture, food and the marine confirms a further outbreak of highly pathogenic avian influenza H5N1. Remembrance poppy memorial thefts treated as sectarian hate crime The items, commemorating people from the area who died in World War One, were stolen from the Fountain estate on Remembrance weekend. Farm shed fire kills hundreds of pigs Firefighters responded to reports of a farm shed on fire at the Fyfin Road area of Newtownstewart. Calls for investigation after assaults at youth Gaelic football match Tyrone GAA says it is treating the matter "most seriously" as police appeal for information. Features & Analysis The hunt for the murdered British soldier who was determined to be noticed Captain Nairac was killed and secretly buried by the IRA almost 50 years ago. 'I didn't feel safe after race hate attack on my shop - but I'm glad I stayed' A businessman who considered leaving Belfast after a racist attack is back in business in another part of the city. Remembrance Sunday marked across Northern Ireland Belfast's ceremony began with a two-minute silence where First and Deputy First Ministers Michelle O'Neill and Emma Little-Pengelly were amongst those to lay wreaths. Meet Pam and Sian - bossing the badminton world aged 63 Meet the three-time senior badminton world champions showing no signs of stopping. BBC Newsline signed summary A signed summary of BBC Newsline. Foyle & West Two men injured in suspected homophobic attack The men had made their way onto Derry's Peace Bridge on Saturday night when they were assaulted. Car burnt out in racially-motivated hate crime It happened in the Irish Green Street area of the town in the early hours of Friday, police say. Man dies after being struck by car The man was pronounced dead at the scene following a collision near Grange Lane on Thursday. Lyra McKee murder accused denied pub job bail change Jordan Devine, from Londonderry, is charged with murdering Ms McKee on 18 April 2019. Listen: North West Today A round-up of local news, sport and weather across the north west of Northern Ireland. Republic of Ireland Higgins leaves official residence on last day as Irish president There were cheers as Michael D and Sabina Higgins left Áras an Uachtaráin which is located in Dublin's Phoenix Park. DUP absence from Connolly inauguration 'not a snub' Gavin Robinson was speaking after the party confirmed they would not send a representative to Catherine Connolly's inauguration on Tuesday. 'Did you give a lift to a hitchhiker?' - appeal over 1995 Jo Jo Dullard disappearance Josephine “Jo Jo” Dullard was 21 when she went missing from Moone in County Kildare in 1995. Huge sense of pride to play Roy Keane in new film, says Cork actor The film is based on the fallout between Roy Keane and Mick McCarthy during Ireland's 2002 World Cup preparations. FAI approves motion to call on Uefa to ban Israel The FAI has approved a motion to call on Uefa to ban Israel from European club and international competitions. More BBC News NI on iPlayer & Sounds Good Morning Ulster Wake up to Good Morning Ulster and get all the news and analysis from home and abroad. The Nolan Show Breaking news and hard-hitting talk about the big stories of the day. Talkback Highlights from Talkback. William Crawley and guests discuss the news headlines. Evening Extra All the day’s news and analysis with Richard Morgan. BBC Newsline The latest news for Northern Ireland. The State of Us Tara Mills and Declan Harvey react and reflect on news stories in a BBC NI podcast. Red Lines The back-stop’s here? Bad puns with top political coverage from BBC Northern Ireland. The View Mark Carruthers provides comment and expert analysis on the week's political news Spotlight Hard-hitting investigations on the stories that matter in Northern Ireland. Sunday Politics Northern Ireland Mark Carruthers with the latest political news, interviews and debate. Latest updates 20 mins ago Armistice Day marked across Northern Ireland Politicians and members of the public gather at memorials to commemorate fallen service personnel. 20 mins ago 23 mins ago Woman backed by JK Rowling subjected to 'witch hunt'  - tribunal Sara Morrison who worked for Belfast Film Festival believes that people cannot change their biological sex. 23 mins ago 4 hrs ago Remembrance poppy memorial thefts treated as sectarian hate crime The items, commemorating people from the area who died in World War One, were stolen from the Fountain estate on Remembrance weekend. 4 hrs ago 7 hrs ago 'I'm losing dozens of shop customers over traffic nightmare' People call for political help over congestion on the 16-mile (26km) stretch of road between Drumahoe, near Londonderry, and Dungiven. 7 hrs ago 17 hrs ago Woman backed by JK Rowling 'not opposed to trans rights' - tribunal Sara Morrison claims she was unlawfully discriminated against for her beliefs by her former employer. 17 hrs ago 18 hrs ago Child critical after serious crash involving lorry Emergency services were called to the scene on the Boleran Road, between Coleraine, Limavady and Garvagh, shortly before 16:00 BST on Monday. 18 hrs ago 21 hrs ago Catfish child abuser investigation 'delayed by lack of police resources' Alexander McCartney was given a life sentence last year for the online abuse of children and the manslaughter of a 12-year-old girl. 21 hrs ago 22 hrs ago Viable device found after two separate security alerts in Belfast A number of homes were evacuated during a security alert in west Belfast while a viable device has been found in east Belfast. 22 hrs ago 1 day ago Calls for investigation after assaults at youth Gaelic football match Tyrone GAA says it is treating the matter "most seriously" as police appeal for information. 1 day ago ...

## 8 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/northern_ireland/northern_ireland_politics
News News N. Ireland N. Ireland Politics DUP absence from Connolly inauguration 'not a snub' Gavin Robinson was speaking after the party confirmed they would not send a representative to Catherine Connolly's inauguration on Tuesday. 1 day ago Northern Ireland Politics Bid to oust education minister from office over Israel visit fails The move was set to fail as it needed cross-community support and unionist parties had already ruled out supporting it. 23 hrs ago Northern Ireland Politics Backdated health workers' pay award to go ahead, says minister A pay offer aimed at avoiding industrial action by healthcare workers has been made by the Department of Health. 5 days ago Northern Ireland 'Sinister attack' on Alliance headquarters 'tried to incite fear' It was reported on Wednesday that graffiti had been sprayed onto external windows, door shutters and a fence. 5 days ago Northern Ireland DUP will not be represented at Irish presidential inauguration Alliance MLA Paula Bradshaw says the DUP should send an alternative representative to Deputy First Minister Emma Little-Pengelly. 2 days ago Northern Ireland Politics Little-Pengelly turns down Irish presidential inauguration invite Northern Ireland's deputy first minister says she is unable to attend Catherine Connolly's inauguration due to Remembrance Day commitments. 4 days ago Northern Ireland Politics PSNI pay deal possible before end of year, says Long The justice minister was speaking after the health minister announced he has been given approval to award pay parity to healthcare workers. 4 days ago Northern Ireland Politics Stormont choices 'may add to funding pressures', says Benn Hilary Benn refused to be drawn on whether the Budget later this month would involve tax rises. Guidance for businesses on NI's post-Brexit trade deal 'not fit for purpose' The panel said information was "poorly presented, unwieldy and needs to be significantly improved". MLAs told cooperation over environment agency is 'crucial' Andrew Muir says assembly members should "put their money where their mouth is" and support the plan for an independent environment agency. Any tax increase must be 'fair and progressive' UK Chancellor Rachel Reeves refuses to rule out rises, saying she will make the "necessary choices". Israel trip given 'clean bill of health', minister says Stormont's Education Minister Paul Givan continues to face criticism over his six-day tour of Israel.

## 9 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/scotland
News News Scotland Scotland Politics Ambulance service recruits extra staff to ease winter pressures The new staff will help the NHS cope with increasing demands on emergency services. 2 hrs ago Scotland Politics Early release of prisoners will cause victims anxiety, admits minister The emergency scheme which will see nearly 1,000 inmates freed from Scotland's jails is set to get under way. 3 hrs ago Scotland Politics Scotland remembers the fallen on Armistice Day Across Scotland, people have fallen silent to pay tribute to those who have lost their lives in conflicts around the world. 4 hrs ago Scotland Why is one of Edinburgh's best views still off limits? The historic Radical Road path was closed in 2018 due to rockfall but a plan for its full reopening has still to be agreed. 9 hrs ago Edinburgh, Fife & East Minimum age in assisted dying bill raised to 18 MSPs on Holyrood's health committee have backed an amendment to raise the lower threshold from 16. 2 hrs ago Scotland Politics Bus driver killed at work 'did not get justice' - widow The teenage attacker was sentenced to four years and four months in 2024 but could soon be released. 2 hrs ago NE, Orkney & Shetland Breastfeeding rates in Scotland at record high Breastfeeding rates in Scotland are at the highest level since official records began, Public Health Scotland (PHS) data shows. 40 mins ago Scotland Politics Rally driving debut for daughter of tragic world champion Colin McRae Colin McRae's daughter will make her competitive driving debut at Kielder Forest in the Roger Albert Clark Rally. Man, 18, dies following two-vehicle crash in Highlands Police say a 50-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the crash, which also left a man and a woman with serious injuries. Scotland's unemployment rate drops slightly to 3.7% The figure fell by 0.1% between July and September, while the overall UK rate increased to 5%. SFA 'fit and proper' verdict leaves Hamilton without director Troubled Hamilton Academical are left without a director, while a Scottish FA ruling also bans the League One club's owner from the day-to-day running of affairs. First steps in bid to close Scotland's smallest secondary A council starts the preliminary process which could pave the way for Dalry Secondary to shut. Features and analysis The WW1 piper who marched through gas, bullets and bombs to save his regiment Daniel Laidlaw was awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery in the face of battle. Muscatelli report: What will it take to grow Scotland's economy? Prof Anton Muscatelli's report calls for a range of reforms to planning, business rates and skills in Scotland. How the spirit of commemorating has changed since the last WW1 veterans died What do displays of national pride mean when they are no longer accompanied by the mass shared grief that gave rise to them? BBC trust and the 2014 referendum Did the indyref campaign damage the corporation in Scotland? Your pictures of Scotland A selection of photographs submitted to BBC Scotland News from around the country this week. News from around Scotland Scotland remembers the fallen on Armistice Day Across Scotland, people have fallen silent to pay tribute to those who have lost their lives in conflicts around the world. Man, 18, dies following two-vehicle crash in Highlands Police say a 50-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the crash, which also left a man and a woman with serious injuries. Ambulance service recruits extra staff to ease winter pressures The new staff will help the NHS cope with increasing demands on emergency services. The WW1 piper who marched through gas, bullets and bombs to save his regiment Daniel Laidlaw was awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery in the face of battle. Three firms shortlisted for A9 upgrade near Pitlochry The £205m contract includes building or revamping nine crossings. Sport Scotland wait on Russell as Hurd & Bhatti join up Star fly-half Finn Russell remains with the Scotland squad for Sunday's Test against Argentina at Murrayfield despite knee and ankle problems in the weekend loss to New Zealand. 'Everything is possible' for Hearts - Braga Claudio Braga believes "everything is possible" with Hearts top of the Scottish Premiership after playing 12 of their 38 fixtures. How can Scotland qualify for 2026 World Cup? Scotland will finish either first or second in their World Cup qualification group. But how do they reach the finals? Rally driving debut for daughter of tragic world champion Colin McRae Colin McRae's daughter will make her competitive driving debut at Kielder Forest in the Roger Albert Clark Rally. SFA 'fit and proper' verdict leaves Hamilton void Troubled Hamilton Academical are left without a director, while a Scottish FA ruling also bans the League One club's owner from the day-to-day running of affairs. More news on iPlayer and Sounds Reporting Scotland Big stories from across the country Scotcast The BBC's Scottish news podcast. Reporting Scotland: News at Seven More from the day’s top stories and communities across Scotland. Good Morning Scotland The nation's morning news programme. Latest updates 3 hrs ago First steps in bid to close Scotland's smallest secondary A council starts the preliminary process which could pave the way for Dalry Secondary to shut. 3 hrs ago 3 hrs ago Scotland wait on Russell as Hurd & Bhatti join up Star fly-half Finn Russell remains with the Scotland squad for Sunday's Test against Argentina at Murrayfield despite knee and ankle problems in the weekend loss to New Zealand. 3 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Scotland remembers the fallen on Armistice Day Across Scotland, people have fallen silent to pay tribute to those who have lost their lives in conflicts around the world. 4 hrs ago 8 hrs ago Scotland's papers: Trump threatens to sue BBC and ferry fleet struggles A review of the front page stories from the daily newspapers in Scotland. 8 hrs ago 17 hrs ago Knitting poppies helps us remember those who go to war Meet the woman behind this impressive display of knitted and crocheted poppies. 17 hrs ago 22 hrs ago UWS lecturers end strikes after no compulsory redundancy 'guarantee' The EIS union says it has secured a deal meaning no compulsory redundances for academic staff. 22 hrs ago 23 hrs ago Police officer admits taking seized shotguns home PC Alan Sharp kept six shotguns in a secure unit at his home after a man surrendered them. 23 hrs ago 1 day ago In pictures: Autumn colours in Scotland BBC Weather Watchers have been capturing vibrant scenes across the country. 1 day ago 1 day ago Scotland's papers: 'BBC bosses quit in disgrace' and high tax 'threat' A review of the front page stories from the daily newspapers in Scotland. 1 day ago ...

## 10 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/scotland/scotland_politics
News News Scotland Scotland Politics Early release of prisoners will cause victims anxiety, admits minister The emergency scheme which will see nearly 1,000 inmates freed from Scotland's jails is set to get under way. 3 hrs ago Scotland Politics Minimum age in assisted dying bill raised to 18 MSPs on Holyrood's health committee have backed an amendment to raise the lower threshold from 16. 2 hrs ago Scotland Politics SNP take over running of Stirling Council An agreement has also been reached that sees the first Scottish Green join the administration. 22 hrs ago Tayside & Central Scotland Alex Salmond died with debts of more than £340,000 Insolvency firm Begbies Traynor has named a trustee in sequestration to handle the former first minister's estate. 4 days ago Scotland Politics Breastfeeding rates in Scotland at record high Breastfeeding rates in Scotland are at the highest level since official records began, Public Health Scotland (PHS) data shows. 42 mins ago Scotland Politics Sarwar refuses to comment on UK tax hike speculation Chancellor Rachel Reeves has fuelled speculation that she could announce an increase in the Autumn Budget. 1 day ago Scotland Politics Finance secretary may have to 'revisit' no tax rise pledge Shona Robison says the chancellor's Budget decisions later this month could put unforeseen pressure on Scotland's finances. 2 days ago Scotland How Scottish parties will try to maximise election votes in six months Opinion polls point to a fifth SNP victory - but a lot could change in six months with parties working flat out for votes. Whip restored to suspended Labour MP Leishman Alloa and Grangemouth MP Brian Leishman is returning to the Labour benches after a four-month suspension. Scottish government reveals plan to reach net zero targets by 2045 The route map includes targets to decarbonise building heat systems and phase out new petrol and diesel cars. Swinney does not rule out tax hikes in Scotland The first minister was urged to give a "cast-iron" guarantee that he would not increase rates in the Budget. Ministers to order investigation into maternity services The decision follows a BBC Disclosure documentary which heard calls for urgent action to improve safety. Features and analysis Why the battle still rages over land ownership in Scotland The reaction to the Scottish government's wide-ranging new laws show the divided opinions on the issue. Mental health, buses and school meals - issues that matter to first-time voters Teenagers who could vote for the first time next year put politicians through their paces at an event in Dumfries. Sabotage, betrayal, secrecy... and recycling How a £50m court case over Scotland's deposit return scheme turned into a political blockbuster. A bridge, 130 convictions and a 30-year fight: The tolls that made criminals of islanders More than 100 people received criminal convictions after refusing to pay tolls on the Skye Bridge. Why is the government being sued for £170m over a recycling scheme? A waste management firm has launched legal action over a beleaguered bottle return plan.

## 11 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/wales
News News Wales Wales Politics Wylfa nuclear plans expected to get go-ahead in days Anglesey is understood to have been chosen after UK ministers reached a decision on the site. 2 hrs ago Wales Nigel Farage accuses BBC of left-wing bias over director's former role Rhuanedd Richards became director of BBC Wales in 2021, and took up the interim position of director of nations in June 2025. 5 hrs ago Wales Sheehan sacked as Swansea City head coach Alan Sheehan leaves his role as head coach of Swansea City following the club's poor start to the Championship season. 1 hr ago Swansea Weather warning issued for heavy rain and flooding The Met Office advised residents to take precautions to secure their home and belongings. 8 hrs ago Wales BBC producer died of peritonitis after car crash, inquest told The mum-of-two worked for the BBC for more than 25 years and created Terry Walton's Plotcast. 4 hrs ago Wales Charli XCX 'cried' during collaboration with music legend for Wuthering Heights soundtrack The singer was tearful over teaming up with the former Velvet Underground member. 4 hrs ago Wales 'I was spat at in the '70s because of my colour - those days are back' A man who was spat at because of his colour when he was young is worried about the political climate. 10 hrs ago Wales FAW silent over replacing late Queen as patron A petition in 2023 demanded "no more Royal patronage" and attracted 1,883 signatures. Artist sneaks AI-generated print into museum gallery A visitor who noticed the piece says staff "admitted they had no idea about the piece or when it arrived". First images of museum theft gold as hunt continues Two men have been charged with burglary, but "invaluable" items are still missing from St Fagans collection. Davies, Cabango and Moore withdraw from Wales squad Ben Davies, Ben Cabango and Kieffer Moore will miss Wales' final World Cup qualifying group games against Liechtenstein and North Macedonia due to injury. Mum died of blunt force head injury, inquest told Her 18-year-old son is set to go on trial accused of her murder in March next year. Features & analysis How a wet Welsh summer helped create Winnie-the-Pooh The famous bear first featured among a collection of poems compiled in a potting shed in rainy Wales. When my wife died, Elis James reached out - now we're close mates The comedian contacted Geraint John after his wife Deb died and has helped him while he grieves. Botox was like going for coffee - but I had no idea if it was genuine Rules about administering drugs such as Botox and Mounjaro have not kept up, says Wales' regulator. Actor Paul Whitehouse's 'pride' in Welsh roots The comedian visited Wales with fellow comedian Bob Mortimer in their TV show Gone Fishing. My one-year-old eats books, toys, tables and even his cot Junior has a condition called pica that makes him crave and eat inedible objects. Watch/Listen Reform UK says BBC 'infected with left-wing bias' Leader Nigel Farage cites Rhuanedd Richards' role as BBC director of nations as 'living proof' of bias. 4 hrs ago Wales Archive: Richard Burton speaks of his home village Burton, who would have turned 100 this year, starred in Cleopatra and Shakespearean stage roles. 19 hrs ago Wales Having 'Botox like going to get a morning coffee' Lizzie Day says having Botox was as much a part of her routine as getting her morning coffee. 4 days ago Wales Lorry driver who blamed fatal crash on cough exposed by dashcam Mariusz Korkosz was driving incorrectly for almost 20 seconds before colliding head-on with a truck. 6 days ago Wales CCTV shows sex attacker follow victim from nightclub Fawaz Alsamaou is warned he is "highly likely" to be deported after serving his sentence. 6 days ago Sport Sheehan sacked as Swansea City head coach Alan Sheehan leaves his role as head coach of Swansea City following the club's poor start to the Championship season. Davies, Cabango and Moore withdraw from Wales squad Ben Davies, Ben Cabango and Kieffer Moore will miss Wales' final World Cup qualifying group games against Liechtenstein and North Macedonia due to injury. Wales call up uncapped Deaves after Morgan injury Wales have called up uncapped Ospreys flanker Harri Deaves for the autumn internationals after the loss of captain Jac Morgan to injury. Records and goals - how 'winner' Rodon found home at Leeds Wales defender Joe Rodon, who wears his heart on his sleeve, is finally showcasing both his defensive and attacking capabilities in the Premier League. Can you name all the clubs Craig Bellamy played for? As Craig Bellamy preapres for the biggest week of his coaching career, can you name the nine clubs the Wales boss represented as a player? Stories from Cymru Fyw Disgwyl i Wylfa fod yn safle ar gyfer gorsaf ynni niwclear newydd Mae BBC Cymru yn deall y bydd Llywodraeth y DU yn rhoi eu sêl bendith i adweithydd modiwlar bach ar y safle. Cwestiynu cyngor am eu dyletswyddau cyfreithiol dros addysg Gymraeg Mae arbenigwr yn codi cwestiynau a yw cyngor Caerdydd yn cyflawni dyletswyddau cyfreithiol mewn perthynas ag addysg Gymraeg y brifddinas. Cyn-gadeirydd S4C: 'Dyfodol darlledu cyhoeddus mewn perygl' Mae dyfodol darlledu cyhoeddus, gan gynnwys drwy gyfrwng y Gymraeg, mewn perygl yn dilyn ymddiswyddiadau rhai o arweinwyr y BBC yn ôl cyn-gadeirydd S4C. Y medalau coll sy' wedi dychwelyd at deulu o'r Barri Stori ryfeddol Delyth Taylor a medalau Rhyfel Byd Cyntaf ei thad-cu a aeth ar goll yn 1957. Latest updates 2 hrs ago Wylfa nuclear plans expected to get go-ahead in days Anglesey is understood to have been chosen after UK ministers reached a decision on the site. 2 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Charli XCX says teaming up with music legend made her 'cry' The singer was tearful over teaming up with the former Velvet Underground member. 4 hrs ago 4 hrs ago BBC producer died of peritonitis after car crash, inquest told The mum-of-two worked for the BBC for more than 25 years and created Terry Walton's Plotcast. 4 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Reform UK says BBC 'infected with left-wing bias' Leader Nigel Farage cites Rhuanedd Richards' role as BBC director of nations as 'living proof' of bias. 4 hrs ago 5 hrs ago Nigel Farage accuses BBC of left-wing bias over director's former role Rhuanedd Richards became director of BBC Wales in 2021, and took up the interim position of director of nations in June 2025. 5 hrs ago 5 hrs ago US ambassador backs major nuclear plans for Wylfa The comments by arguably the most senior US diplomat in Europe come as the UK and US look to boost economic ties. 5 hrs ago 7 hrs ago FAW silent over replacing late Queen as patron A petition in 2023 demanded "no more Royal patronage" and attracted 1,883 signatures. 7 hrs ago 8 hrs ago Weather warning issued for heavy rain and flooding The Met Office advised residents to take precautions to secure their home and belongings. 8 hrs ago 9 hrs ago Artist sneaks AI-generated print into museum gallery A visitor who noticed the piece says staff "admitted they had no idea about the piece or when it arrived". 9 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 11

## 12 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/wales/wales_politics
News News Wales Wales Politics Wylfa nuclear plans expected to get go-ahead in days Anglesey is understood to have been chosen after UK ministers reached a decision on the site. 2 hrs ago Wales Nigel Farage accuses BBC of left-wing bias over director's former role Rhuanedd Richards became director of BBC Wales in 2021, and took up the interim position of director of nations in June 2025. 5 hrs ago Wales Two former Labour council leaders join Greens Robert James and Sean Morgan have both defected, according to the Green Party. 3 days ago Wales Senedd election to scrap overnight vote count The election is scheduled for 7 May 2026, with counting to begin the following day. 3 days ago Wales LIVE First Minister's Questions from the Senedd: 11 November 2025 Eluned Morgan is quizzed by opposition party leaders and other MSs during First Minister's Questions. FAW silent over replacing late Queen as patron A petition in 2023 demanded "no more Royal patronage" and attracted 1,883 signatures. 7 hrs ago Wales Senedd election 'tipping point' for Starmer as PM One source calls the prime minister "absolutely delusional" about the likely result next May. 2 days ago Wales Greens hoping for 'historic Senedd breakthrough' The Greens pin hopes on first seat, promising 'a fresh voice', as members gather for party conference. Nato interest in 'lethal' Army vehicle, says minister The UK government says it's confident of allied interest in buying Wales-built Ajax armoured vehicle. Welsh government has budget talk with independent MS A conversation has taken place between Russell George and the government about passing its budget. Lido and promenade part of seafront regeneration plans Proposals for Porthcawl also include new homes, public spaces and a hotel. NHS, housing and councils winners in budget plans But Welsh Labour does not have enough Senedd members to pass it without making a deal.

## 13 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/africa
News News Africa Anger over 'wanted notice' for Nigeria's ex-oil minister Timipre Sylva His spokesman says it is politically motivated and he will contact the EFCC on his return from the UK. 3 hrs ago Africa Ghana's Asante king welcomes return of artefacts from the UK and South Africa They include items looted by British colonial soldiers and others from the AngloGold Ashanti mining firm. 4 hrs ago Africa Protesters force delay to opening of Nigeria's new art museum The protesters are angry that the area's traditional ruler is not involved in the new museum. 23 hrs ago Africa Uganda president admits Kenyan activists were arrested and held in 'the fridge' Long-serving leader Yoweri Museveni blames "foreign groups" for stoking unrest. 2 days ago Africa Malian TikToker killed by suspected jihadists after pro-army posts Mariam Cissé, said to be in her 20s, was accused of providing information to the army. 1 day ago Africa Jacob Zuma's daughter denies terrorism charges as her trial starts Zuma-Sambudla is accused of fuelling a wave of protests that hit South Africa after her father's arrest. 1 day ago Africa Ahead of the G20, is Johannesburg's city centre in ruins? Some residents in the heart of the South African city are living amid sewage in derelict buildings run by criminal gangs. 2 days ago Africa Sudan civil war Sudan capital hit by drone attacks a day after RSF agrees to truce - reports The reported strikes come as the military-led government says it would be wary of agreeing to a ceasefire. 'Our job is only killing' - how Sudan's brutal militia carried out a massacre BBC Verify tracks how the RSF killed unarmed people in a massacre that humanitarian officials believe left 2,000 dead. Sudan's life-saving community kitchens on verge of collapse This follows confirmation by a global hunger monitor that famine conditions are spreading in conflict zones. He made his money selling camels and gold. Now this warlord controls half of Sudan Mohamed Hamdan Dagalo will either lead a breakaway state or seek to take control of the whole country, Sudanese say. 'I was accused of spying and beaten' - a boy's escape from captured Sudan city A 12-year-old tells the BBC that in the chaos he lost contact with his family and is now on his own at a camp. Features and analysis How the US overtook China as Africa's biggest foreign investor As the two nations vie for key materials, the US has regained the lead in foreign direct investments in African countries. The ex-president's daughter who faces terror-related charges South African Duduzile Zuma-Sambudla, accused of stoking deadly protests, denies the charges. The president blamed for shattering Tanzania's aura of stability The manner of Samia Suluhu Hassan's re-election has earned the country a rare rebuke from the African Union. Trove of records reveals Kenya's forgotten World War soldiers Thousands of Kenyans, who fought for Britain, are buried in unknown locations and were never commemorated. Panache, parades and power: Africa's top shots A selection of the week's best photos from across the African continent and beyond. Are Christians being persecuted in Nigeria as Trump claims? Donald Trump says thousands of Christians are being killed in Nigeria - where has he got the numbers from? Can Trump expel South Africa from the G20? The US leader has repeatedly accused South Africa of persecuting its white minority - which Pretoria denies. 'One of us': Ugandan pride in New York mayor with roots in their country A professor describes Mamdani as "one of us" while some young Ugandans take inspiration from the 34-year-old's victory. Sport Four into one - how do African World Cup play-offs work? As Nigeria, Cameroon, DR Congo, Gabon face off in African play-offs, BBC Sport Africa looks at how one nation can still reach the 2026 World Cup. 'Flying' Sarr easing Crystal Palace's Eze loss Ismaila Sarr shines as Crystal Palace earn first home victory in Europa Conference League this term. Being Premier League's only black manager 'a privilege' - Sao Tome-born Nuno The West Ham boss says he is "honoured" to act as a role model and believes there are "a lot" of talented black coaches who can follow in his footsteps. Morocco sweat as PSG star Hakimi ruled out for 'several weeks' Morocco suffer a blow before the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations as their captain Achraf Hakimi injures an ankle injury playing for PSG. 'Drug addiction' ends Williams' Zimbabwe career All-rounder Sean Williams will no longer be considered for selection after admitting to a drug addiction, Zimbabwe Cricket announces. Watch/Listen We will never accept stolen votes, says Cameroon opposition leader Cameroon opposition leader Issa Tchiroma Bakary is adamant that he's the winner of the presidential election. Tyson hails Congolese roots on Rumble in the Jungle visit Mike Tyson was a hit with boxing fans in Kinshasa after embracing his African roots as part of ongoing celebrations for the iconic Rumble in the Jungle. Thousands of grief-stricken mourners attend Raila Odinga's funeral Thousands of mourners attend the state funeral of former Prime Minister Raila Odinga in Nairobi. The moment Madagascar's new president was sworn in Colonel Michael Randrianirina is sworn in as the new president of Madagascar at a ceremony in the capital. Police fire tear gas at crowds mourning former Kenyan prime minister Thousands of mourners fill the streets of Nairobi from the airport to the Kasarani Stadium to pay their respects. Programmes and podcasts Live: World Service for Africa Focus on Africa Podcast Three essential stories to round off your working day. Explaining the news from Africa. This is Africa Latest updates 3 hrs ago Anger over 'wanted notice' for Nigeria's ex-oil minister Timipre Sylva His spokesman says it is politically motivated and he will contact the EFCC on his return from the UK. 3 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Ghana's Asante king welcomes return of artefacts from the UK and South Africa They include items looted by British colonial soldiers and others from the AngloGold Ashanti mining firm. 4 hrs ago 16 hrs ago The Kenyan start-up aiming to electrify African transport From fleets of e-bikes to individual riders, eWaka aims to sell across Africa's delivery market. 16 hrs ago 23 hrs ago Protesters force delay to opening of Nigeria's new art museum The protesters are angry that the area's traditional ruler is not involved in the new museum. 23 hrs ago 1 day ago A simple guide to what is happening in Sudan Sudan was thrown into disarray in 2023 when its army and a paramilitary group began a power struggle. 1 day ago 1 day ago Jacob Zuma's daughter denies terrorism charges as her trial starts Zuma-Sambudla is accused of fuelling a wave of protests that hit South Africa after her father's arrest. 1 day ago 1 day ago Malian TikToker killed by suspected jihadists after pro-army posts Mariam Cissé, said to be in her 20s, was accused of providing information to the army. 1 day ago 2 days ago Ahead of the G20, is Johannesburg's city centre in ruins? Some residents in the heart of the South African city are living amid sewage in derelict buildings run by criminal gangs. 2 days ago 2 days ago British man dies after being shot during robbery in Ghana A manhunt is under way for the 68-year-old's killer and other suspects who were at the scene in Tema. 2 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 14 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/asia
News News Asia China India Suicide bombing in Islamabad kills 12, says Pakistan's interior minister Mohsin Naqvi says the bomber tried to gain entry to a court complex but was unable to get inside. 2 hrs ago Asia Squid Game star, 81, acquitted of sexual misconduct The South Korean actor allegedly hugged a woman and kissed her on the cheek against her will. 6 hrs ago Asia Six dead after second typhoon in a week hits the Philippines Fung-wong was the 21st typhoon to hit the South East Asian nation this year. 12 hrs ago Asia Malaysia officials recover more bodies from capsized migrant boat At least 21 people are now known to have died in the boat which was carrying undocumented migrants. 11 hrs ago Asia 'There was blood everywhere': Delhi residents recount horror of huge car explosion Eyewitnesses describe what they saw after the blast near the Red Fort in the Indian capital. 8 hrs ago Asia Modi says those behind Delhi blast that killed eight 'will not be spared' The blast happened near one of the Indian capital's most famous buildings, the 17th Century Red Fort. Cryptoqueen who fled China for London mansion jailed over £5bn Bitcoin stash Qian Zhimin bought cryptocurrency using funds stolen from thousands of Chinese pensioners, say police. 45 mins ago Asia Once a sure thing, Australia's bid to host COP31 falters amid deadlock with Turkey If no agreement is reached between the two countries, the German city of Bonn will host by default. Thailand suspends Cambodia 'peace deal' The two sides signed the agreement at a ceremony overseen by US President Donald Trump two weeks ago. Dozens detained after rare protest demanding Delhi clean up its toxic air Over the past three weeks, the air quality in Delhi and its suburbs has been hazardous, and it continues to worsen. Typhoon moves away from Philippines after killing two Fung-wong, which hit the Philippines as a super typhoon and later weakened, is expected to move to Taiwan. Indonesia names ex-dictator Suharto a 'national hero' The controversial legacy of Suharto's New Order regime has sparked heated protests against the move. Features Harshita was murdered a year ago - so why has her killer not been caught, family ask Police have charged Harshita Brella's husband with murder - but, despite sightings, he remains on the run. Thousands of Chinese lured abroad and forced to be scammers - now Beijing is cracking down Myanmar's scam clans are being brought to justice in the full glare of Chinese state TV. Small-town India to cricket World champions: The women who made history Many women in India's cricket World Cup winning team come from small towns and humble beginnings. Miss Universe contestants walk out after organiser berates Miss Mexico Video of the incident, which was live streamed, has been shared widely on the internet. A popular rapper held over an influencer's death: What we know so far Police have reclassified Iris Hsieh's "sudden death" as murder and remanded Namewee in custody. Latest updates 45 mins ago Cryptoqueen who fled China for London mansion jailed over £5bn Bitcoin stash Qian Zhimin bought cryptocurrency using funds stolen from thousands of Chinese pensioners, say police. 45 mins ago 2 hrs ago Suicide bombing in Islamabad kills 12, says Pakistan's interior minister Mohsin Naqvi says the bomber tried to gain entry to a court complex but was unable to get inside. 2 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Pakistan: Suicide attack outside Islamabad court kills 12 At least 12 people have been killed after a suicide attack outside a court in Islamabad on Tuesday 4 hrs ago 6 hrs ago Squid Game star, 81, acquitted of sexual misconduct The South Korean actor allegedly hugged a woman and kissed her on the cheek against her will. 6 hrs ago 8 hrs ago 'There was blood everywhere': Delhi residents recount horror of huge car explosion Eyewitnesses describe what they saw after the blast near the Red Fort in the Indian capital. 8 hrs ago 11 hrs ago Malaysia officials recover more bodies from capsized migrant boat At least 21 people are now known to have died in the boat which was carrying undocumented migrants. 11 hrs ago 12 hrs ago Six dead after second typhoon in a week hits the Philippines Fung-wong was the 21st typhoon to hit the South East Asian nation this year. 12 hrs ago 22 hrs ago At least eight killed after car explodes near Delhi's Red Fort Twenty more were injured in the blast, the cause of which is still unknown, authorities say. 22 hrs ago 23 hrs ago Verified videos show aftermath of explosion in Delhi Police say eight people have been killed after a car explodes near Delhi's Red Fort landmark in India. 23 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 15 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/asia/china
News News Asia China India Cryptoqueen who fled China for London mansion to be sentenced over £5bn Bitcoin stash Qian Zhimin bought cryptocurrency using funds stolen from thousands of Chinese pensioners, say police. 15 hrs ago Asia Battle over Chinese chip maker rocks global car industry In an extraordinary move, the Dutch government seized control of Nexperia, triggering anger in Beijing. 16 hrs ago Business Starbucks to sell majority stake in China business The coffee giant entered China more than a quarter of a century ago but has faced tough competition in recent years. 8 days ago Business Shein accused of selling childlike sex dolls in France The fast fashion giant says it delisted the items "immediately" from its website and is investigating. 2 Nov 2025 World China exempts chips used by carmakers from export curbs The block on exports of the company's chips had raised fears that European car production would be hit. 1 day ago Business China launches new aircraft carrier in naval race with the US The Fujian uses electromagnetic catapults that allow planes to strike from a greater distance. 4 days ago Asia Shein bans all sex dolls after outrage over childlike products Every listing and image related to the sex dolls has been removed from Shein's platform, the firm says. 8 days ago Business Features Thousands of Chinese lured abroad and forced to be scammers - now Beijing is cracking down Myanmar's scam clans are being brought to justice in the full glare of Chinese state TV. 300 million tourists just visited China's stunning Xinjiang region. There's a side they didn't see China has repackaged Xinjiang into a tourist haven, touting "ethnic" experiences that activists say it's trying to erase. Handshakes and whispers: Trump and Xi's meeting…in 73 seconds Trump says the meeting with President Xi, which was their first face-to-face interaction since 2019, was a "great success". Trade, tariffs and TikTok: Why it matters that Trump and Xi are talking again The two leaders met face-to-face for the first time in six years on Thursday. Xi and Trump find temporary truce as China plays longer game Talks have helped to steady a rocky relationship between the world's top two economies - but the rivalry persists. Latest updates 10 hrs ago Vicar leads push to honour Chinese WW1 labourers The Rev Mark Nam first learned about the Chinese Labour Corps during an online talk in the pandemic. 10 hrs ago 15 hrs ago Cryptoqueen who fled China for London mansion to be sentenced over £5bn Bitcoin stash Qian Zhimin bought cryptocurrency using funds stolen from thousands of Chinese pensioners, say police. 15 hrs ago 1 day ago China exempts chips used by carmakers from export curbs The block on exports of the company's chips had raised fears that European car production would be hit. 1 day ago 3 days ago Thousands of Chinese lured abroad and forced to be scammers - now Beijing is cracking down Myanmar's scam clans are being brought to justice in the full glare of Chinese state TV. 3 days ago 4 days ago China launches new aircraft carrier in naval race with the US The Fujian uses electromagnetic catapults that allow planes to strike from a greater distance. 4 days ago 6 days ago What tariffs has Trump announced and why? Trump's volatile trade policy has thrown the world economy into chaos, and put some US prices up. 6 days ago 7 days ago China sentences infamous Myanmar scam mafia members to death The Bai family is among notorious crime gangs ensnared in a crackdown on scam networks. 7 days ago 8 days ago Shein bans all sex dolls after outrage over childlike products Every listing and image related to the sex dolls has been removed from Shein's platform, the firm says. 8 days ago 8 days ago Starbucks to sell majority stake in China business The coffee giant entered China more than a quarter of a century ago but has faced tough competition in recent years. 8 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 16 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/asia/india
News News Asia China India Modi says those behind Delhi blast that killed eight 'will not be spared' The blast happened near one of the Indian capital's most famous buildings, the 17th Century Red Fort. 'There was blood everywhere': Delhi residents recount horror of huge car explosion Eyewitnesses describe what they saw after the blast near the Red Fort in the Indian capital. 8 hrs ago Asia Harshita was murdered a year ago - so why has her killer not been caught, family ask Police have charged Harshita Brella's husband with murder - but, despite sightings, he remains on the run. 2 days ago Northamptonshire Iconic Indian comic publisher loses precious drawings in fire For millions of Indians, Amar Chitra Katha has been a gateway to stories about religion, mythology and history. 3 days ago Asia India's data centre boom confronts a looming water challenge Energy hungry, water-guzzling data centres could affect India's decarbonisation plans, say experts. 2 days ago Asia Dozens detained after rare protest demanding Delhi clean up its toxic air Over the past three weeks, the air quality in Delhi and its suburbs has been hazardous, and it continues to worsen. 1 day ago Asia India win sparks surge in sales for T20 World Cup There has been a surge of tickets bought for next summer's Women's T20 World Cup in England following India's victory in the 50-over version. 1 day ago Features Gurinder Chadha on Bend It Like Beckham sequel and new film Christmas Karma The director on pressure to get her sequel right, while also working on a reimagining of A Christmas Carol. Why tech giants are offering premium AI tools to millions of Indians for free Experts say India’s vast, diverse and young user base makes it a key market for global AI expansion. Blame game over Air India crash goes on A judge in India's Supreme Court has insisted that nobody can blame the aircraft's captain. 'I thought it was a prank' - How a Brazilian woman became the face of India vote fraud row Congress MP Rahul Gandhi alleges that Larissa Nery's photo appeared on the voters' list in Haryana 22 times. Small-town India to cricket World champions: The women who made history Many women in India's cricket World Cup winning team come from small towns and humble beginnings. Watch Verified videos show aftermath of explosion in Delhi Police say eight people have been killed after a car explodes near Delhi's Red Fort landmark in India. Fans celebrate India women's World Cup win India's women's cricket team beat South Africa by 52 runs in the final on Sunday night. Trump imitates India's PM Narendra Modi in South Korea Trump impersonated Modi while recalling his conversations from the May India-Pakistan conflict Woman saved after slipping while boarding a moving train Video released by India’s Southern Railways shows the moment a woman nearly fell in between a moving train and a station platform. Millions of Diwali lamps light up Indian town to set new world record A record 2.6 million earthen lamps were lit on Sunday in Ayodhya, Uttar Pradesh. Latest updates 8 hrs ago 'There was blood everywhere': Delhi residents recount horror of huge car explosion Eyewitnesses describe what they saw after the blast near the Red Fort in the Indian capital. 8 hrs ago 22 hrs ago At least eight killed after car explodes near Delhi's Red Fort Twenty more were injured in the blast, the cause of which is still unknown, authorities say. 22 hrs ago 23 hrs ago Verified videos show aftermath of explosion in Delhi Police say eight people have been killed after a car explodes near Delhi's Red Fort landmark in India. 23 hrs ago 1 day ago Dozens detained after rare protest demanding Delhi clean up its toxic air Over the past three weeks, the air quality in Delhi and its suburbs has been hazardous, and it continues to worsen. 1 day ago 2 days ago India's data centre boom confronts a looming water challenge Energy hungry, water-guzzling data centres could affect India's decarbonisation plans, say experts. 2 days ago 2 days ago Harshita was murdered a year ago - so why has her killer not been caught, family ask Police have charged Harshita Brella's husband with murder - but, despite sightings, he remains on the run. 2 days ago 2 days ago Football fans raise £20k for Punjab flood relief Aston Villa fan group Punjabi Villans say they are "bursting with pride" to hand over the cheque. 2 days ago 3 days ago Bend It Like Beckham director has a sequel - and a spin on a Christmas classic The director on pressure to get her sequel right, while also working on a reimagining of A Christmas Carol. 3 days ago 3 days ago Iconic Indian comic publisher loses precious drawings in fire For millions of Indians, Amar Chitra Katha has been a gateway to stories about religion, mythology and history. 3 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 17 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/australia
News News Australia Once a sure thing, Australia's bid to host COP31 falters amid deadlock with Turkey If no agreement is reached between the two countries, the German city of Bonn will host by default. 16 hrs ago Australia New 'Lucifer' bee with devil-like horns found in Australia The native bee was found near a rare wildflower, prompting scientists to call for the area to be protected. 13 hrs ago Australia Kiwis and Jillaroos triumph at Pacific Championships New Zealand's men and Australia's women triumph at the Pacific Championships with decisive victories in Parramatta. 2 days ago Rugby League Man catches fire after power bank overheats at Melbourne airport lounge Staff helped the man, aged in his 50s, into a shower and he was treated for burns to his leg and fingers. 5 days ago Australia John Laws, veteran Australian talkback radio host nicknamed 'Golden Tonsils', dies aged 90 The successful but polarising Australian broadcaster had a career spanning more than 70 years. 2 days ago Australia 'Nestflix': Peregrine falcon livestream has Australians glued to their screens Fans of the birds, whose lives have been compared to Game of Thrones, are currently waiting with bated breath for this year's chicks to fledge. 4 days ago Australia Australia see off England for Ashes clean sweep England fall to another rugby league Ashes defeat as Australia add to their misery at Headingley to complete a 3-0 series clean sweep. 3 days ago Rugby League Features & Analysis Australian teen charged over allegedly sticking googly eyes on 'Blue Blob' artwork A local council said the repairs to the bright blue sculpture would be 'significant'. 'Australia not a bunch of old-timers - they're an outstanding team' Australia's squad is older than England's and many are playing in their last Ashes, but they remain an outstanding team, says Stephan Shemilt. Friendly Albanese-Trump meeting masks Australia's creeping doubts about US The talks in Washington were a win for Australia, but at home many are nervous about the relationship. Fatal attack revives debate over controversial shark nets in Australia The use of controversial shark nets was about to be scaled back in Sydney when a surfer was killed. The sunscreen scandal shocking Australia - the world's skin cancer hotspot It has shaken consumer trust and raised questions about global sunscreen regulation. Watch/Listen Slow-motion footage reveals secrets of snake bites Scientists working out of a venom laboratory in Paris studied which snakes strike their prey fastest. Trump to Australian ambassador: 'I don't like you either' In 2020, Kevin Rudd wrote on social media that he believed Trump was the 'most destructive' president in US history. Watch: Millions of red crabs begin annual migration on Christmas Island The island off mainland Australia experiences the event every summer, when around 50 million crabs scuttle down from their homes to the beach to lay eggs. Watch: Brits row from Peru to Australia in tiny boat Jess Rowe and Miriam Payne told the BBC how they made the six-month journey unsupported, catching fish and growing their own vegetables. Watch: Dolphin calf rescued from fishing line entanglement The mother and calf were spotted in late September, with the young dolphin’s swimming ability noticeably impeded by a fishing line caught around its tail. Latest updates 13 hrs ago New 'Lucifer' bee with devil-like horns found in Australia The native bee was found near a rare wildflower, prompting scientists to call for the area to be protected. 13 hrs ago 16 hrs ago Once a sure thing, Australia's bid to host COP31 falters amid deadlock with Turkey If no agreement is reached between the two countries, the German city of Bonn will host by default. 16 hrs ago 2 days ago John Laws, veteran Australian talkback radio host nicknamed 'Golden Tonsils', dies aged 90 The successful but polarising Australian broadcaster had a career spanning more than 70 years. 2 days ago 4 days ago 'Nestflix': Peregrine falcon livestream has Australians glued to their screens Fans of the birds, whose lives have been compared to Game of Thrones, are currently waiting with bated breath for this year's chicks to fledge. 4 days ago 5 days ago Man catches fire after power bank overheats at Melbourne airport lounge Staff helped the man, aged in his 50s, into a shower and he was treated for burns to his leg and fingers. 5 days ago 5 days ago Cummins 'on track' to return for second Ashes Test Australia captain Pat Cummins says he is "on track" to play the second Ashes Test against England as he recovers from a back injury. 5 days ago 5 days ago Australian teen charged over allegedly sticking googly eyes on 'Blue Blob' artwork A local council said the repairs to the bright blue sculpture would be 'significant'. 5 days ago 6 days ago Great Barrier Reef may partially recover from 'grim future' if global warming stays below 2C A new study has found certain corals are more resilient in warmer waters, giving hope to the world-famous reef. 6 days ago 6 days ago 'Australia not a bunch of old-timers - they're an outstanding team' Australia's squad is older than England's and many are playing in their last Ashes, but they remain an outstanding team, says Stephan Shemilt. 6 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 18 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/europe
News News Europe Turkey demands more than 2,000 years in jail for popular Istanbul mayor Istanbul's chief prosecutor accuses Ekrem Imamoglu and 400 others of running a corruption network. 2 hrs ago World Former French president Sarkozy released from prison after three weeks The former French president was jailed in October for conspiring to fund his election campaign with money from late Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi. 22 hrs ago Europe Higgins leaves official residence on last day as Irish president There were cheers as Michael D and Sabina Higgins left Áras an Uachtaráin which is located in Dublin's Phoenix Park. 17 hrs ago Europe Mystery 'fedora man' at Louvre heist scene revealed as teenage detective fan The mystery youth in the photo turns out to be Pedro Elias Garzon Delvaux, a 15-year-old detective fan. 2 days ago Europe Turkey FA suspends 1,024 players in betting probe The Turkish Football Federation suspends 1,024 players from its professional leagues as part of an investigation into betting. 6 hrs ago Nord Stream suspect accuses Italy of pressure to confess Serhiy Kuznetsov is wanted in Germany over the 2022 attack on Russia's Nord Stream gas pipelines. 22 hrs ago Europe Trial for suspect of deadly Magdeburg market attack begins Five people, including a nine-year-old boy, were killed in the attack on a Christmas market in the German town last year. 24 hrs ago Europe Three dead and 15 injured in Tenerife tidal surge Emergency services have warned tourists and locals to keep away from coastal paths due to rough sea conditions. Six dead as Russia hits energy and residential sites in Ukraine Overnight, 25 locations including Kyiv were hit, leaving many areas without electricity and heating. Trump gives Hungary one-year exemption from Russian energy sanctions The opt-out comes despite the US increasing pressure on allies to sever economic ties with Russia. Thousands take to Lisbon streets over proposed labour laws The government wants to make it easier for employers to fire people and to limit some compassionate leave. Serbia clears the way for controversial Trump-linked property plan The president's son-in-law wants to build a hotel on the ruins of the former Yugoslav Army headquarters. Features & Analysis What Hungary's Orban did - and didn't - get from Trump On the surface, the Hungarian PM's trip was exactly what he wanted, but the full picture is more complex, writes the BBC's Nick Thorpe. Ukrainians would like to watch comedies - but for now their culture is defined by war Nearly four years on from Russia's invasion, the arts are back but the war permeates everything. South Africans trapped in Donbas after joining Russia-Ukraine war, Ramaphosa says It is unclear whether the citizens were fighting on behalf of Russia or Ukraine. Freed in Trump deal: Prisoners in exile tell of brutality behind bars in Belarus They were freed in September under a deal between Belarus's authoritarian leader Alexander Lukashenko and US President Donald Trump. 'My skin was peeling' - the African women tricked into making Russian drones A BBC investigation finds evidence that young African women are being tricked into building Russian drones. Watch/Listen Queues and protests: BBC at the Shein store opening in Paris The online shopping giant opened its first physical shop in the world - in a Parisian department store. Watch: Train smashes into truck at Dutch level crossing Five people sustained minor injuries but nobody was seriously hurt in the incident in Meteren. Watch: Moment nuclear plant towers collapse during demolition Two nuclear cooling towers in the town of Gundremmingen, Germany, collapse into large swirls of thick, white dust during demolition. 'Heist made it more exciting to go to the Louvre': Tourists react as museum reopens The famous Paris museum reopened on Wednesday, three days after millions of euros worth of jewellery stolen in broad daylight. Latest updates 1 hr ago Catherine Connolly becomes tenth president of Ireland Catherine Connolly takes over the role from Michael D Higgins, whose 14-year term ended at midnight. 1 hr ago 8 hrs ago Outgoing Irish president proved he was no pushover As Michael D Higgins ends his 14-year stretch as Ireland's president, Enda McClafferty looks back at his defining moments. 8 hrs ago 17 hrs ago Higgins leaves official residence on last day as Irish president There were cheers as Michael D and Sabina Higgins left Áras an Uachtaráin which is located in Dublin's Phoenix Park. 17 hrs ago 19 hrs ago Bird flu outbreak confirmed near Northern Ireland border The Republic of Ireland's minister for agriculture, food and the marine confirms a further outbreak of highly pathogenic avian influenza H5N1. 19 hrs ago 22 hrs ago Nord Stream suspect accuses Italy of pressure to confess Serhiy Kuznetsov is wanted in Germany over the 2022 attack on Russia's Nord Stream gas pipelines. 22 hrs ago 22 hrs ago Former French president Sarkozy released from prison after three weeks The former French president was jailed in October for conspiring to fund his election campaign with money from late Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi. 22 hrs ago 24 hrs ago Trial for suspect of deadly Magdeburg market attack begins Five people, including a nine-year-old boy, were killed in the attack on a Christmas market in the German town last year. 24 hrs ago 2 days ago A Kremlin target? Exiled Church man hits back at claims of spying A former leading figure in the Russian Orthodox Church breaks his silence after an ex-aide levels allegations against him. 2 days ago 2 days ago Mystery 'fedora man' at Louvre heist scene revealed as teenage detective fan The mystery youth in the photo turns out to be Pedro Elias Garzon Delvaux, a 15-year-old detective fan. 2 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

