## 1 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/topics/c2vdnvdg6xxt
News News Israel-Gaza war Israel has destroyed more than 1,500 buildings in Gaza since ceasefire Entire neighbourhoods controlled by Israel have been levelled in less than a month, the images show. 16 hrs ago Middle East Hamas fighters trapped in tunnels present new obstacle to Gaza ceasefire progress Mediators are trying to negotiate the exit of scores of fighters believed to hiding in a southern area of Gaza under Israeli control. 22 hrs ago World Released Israeli hostage says he was sexually assaulted in Gaza captivity In an interview with Israeli TV, Rom Braslavski described how he was stripped naked and tied up by members of Palestinian Islamic Jihad. 5 days ago Middle East Israel says Hamas returned body of dead Tanzanian hostage Joshua Mollel, a 21-year-old agriculture student, was killed at Kibbutz Nir Oz during the Hamas-led 7 October 2023 attack on Israel. 6 days ago World Israel passes first reading of bill proposing death penalty for people it deems terrorists The requirement means the penalty would likely be used only against Palestinians convicted of deadly attacks on Israelis. 24 hrs ago Middle East Israel receives body of soldier killed in 2014 in Gaza The Israeli military confirmed the soldier's body had been returned from Gaza after 11 years on Sunday. 3 days ago Middle East Israel says body of Lior Rudaeff has been returned from Gaza Lior Rudaeff died defending Nir Yitzhak kibbutz during the Hamas attack on 7 October 2023, the Israeli military said. 4 days ago Middle East Analysis The battle over Gaza's future: Why no-one can agree on the rebuild From AI-powered super cities to designs that capture its 'soul and spirit', plans have already been draw up - but political obstacles remain Can the Gaza ceasefire deal survive? Its prospects depend heavily on the continuing engagement of the Trump White House, writes Frank Gardner. Watch: UN official says Gaza ruins 'like Hiroshima' Humanitarian chief Tom Fletcher talk to the BBC about scenes of despair he witnessed on a recent trip to the costal enclave. New images show Israeli control line deeper into Gaza than expected Israel has placed boundary markers up to 520m deeper inside Gaza than expected under the ceasefire deal with Hamas. Bowen: Trump's role in Gaza ceasefire was decisive, but not a roadmap to peace Trump's Middle East visit was a victory lap - but peace does not emerge just because a president decides it. Human stories Inside Gaza, BBC sees total devastation after two years of war With endless rubble and destroyed streets as far as the eye can see, any plans for Gaza's future are a far cry from where it is today, writes Lucy Williamson. Gaza children dying as they wait for Israel to enable evacuations Around 15,000 Gazans are waiting for urgent medical treatment, according to the UN. Gaza doctors struggle to investigate 'signs of torture' on unnamed dead returned by Israel Photographs show bodies with multiple signs of injury and wrists tied behind their backs. UN's top court says Israel obliged to allow UN aid into Gaza The court also says Israel has not substantiated its allegations against the UN agency for Palestinian refugees. 'I'm 89 and I saw my homeland rebuilt before - but now I don't believe Gaza has a future' One Palestinian family shares their story of life coming full circle - and what they believe lies ahead as talk turns to rebuilding Gaza Watch and listen again on iPlayer and Sounds Jeremy Bowen: Chances of peace in the Middle East The BBC's International Editor reflects on the ongoing peace efforts Latest updates 16 hrs ago Israel has destroyed more than 1,500 buildings in Gaza since ceasefire Entire neighbourhoods controlled by Israel have been levelled in less than a month, the images show. 16 hrs ago 22 hrs ago Hamas fighters trapped in tunnels present new obstacle to Gaza ceasefire progress Mediators are trying to negotiate the exit of scores of fighters believed to hiding in a southern area of Gaza under Israeli control. 22 hrs ago 24 hrs ago Israel passes first reading of bill proposing death penalty for people it deems terrorists The requirement means the penalty would likely be used only against Palestinians convicted of deadly attacks on Israelis. 24 hrs ago 2 days ago British journalist to be freed from US immigration detention Sami Hamdi, a British journalist and outspoken critic of Israel, has been in ICE custody for weeks. 2 days ago 3 days ago Israel receives body of soldier killed in 2014 in Gaza The Israeli military confirmed the soldier's body had been returned from Gaza after 11 years on Sunday. 3 days ago 4 days ago Israel says body of Lior Rudaeff has been returned from Gaza Lior Rudaeff died defending Nir Yitzhak kibbutz during the Hamas attack on 7 October 2023, the Israeli military said. 4 days ago 4 days ago Who are the released hostages? The Israeli military says 20 living hostages have been released by Hamas and have returned to Israel. 4 days ago 5 days ago Maccabi fan ban was due to hooliganism, say police West Midlands Police did not previously reveal its reasons because "it wasn't deemed helpful". 5 days ago 5 days ago Released Israeli hostage says he was sexually assaulted in Gaza captivity In an interview with Israeli TV, Rom Braslavski described how he was stripped naked and tied up by members of Palestinian Islamic Jihad. 5 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 2 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/war-in-ukraine
News News War in Ukraine Fog helps Russian forces push deeper into key Ukrainian city of Pokrovsk A video has gone viral showing Russian soldiers openly driving into the city on civilian cars and motorbikes. 8 hrs ago Europe Six dead as Russia hits energy and residential sites in Ukraine Overnight, 25 locations including Kyiv were hit, leaving many areas without electricity and heating. 4 days ago Europe South Africans trapped in Donbas after joining Russia-Ukraine war, Ramaphosa says It is unclear whether the citizens were fighting on behalf of Russia or Ukraine. 6 days ago World Zelensky visits troops near embattled front line town of Pokrovsk Fierce battles are taking place in the Donetsk town that Russia has been trying to occupy for over a year. 8 days ago Europe Ukrainians would like to watch comedies - but for now their culture is defined by war Nearly four years on from Russia's invasion, the arts are back but the war permeates everything. 5 days ago Europe Russian soldier sentenced to life in jail in unprecedented Ukrainian trial In the first ruling of its kind, Dmitry Kurashov was found guilty of killing an unarmed Ukrainian soldier who had surrendered. 6 days ago Europe Why the fall of this city would matter to Ukraine and Russia The battle for Pokrovsk - on a big road and rail artery in the Donetsk region - has been going on for well over a year. 6 days ago Europe Analysis In Russia's 'blitz' of Ukraine, the question of appeasement is back A large gulf remains between the US and European view of how to end the Ukraine war. What's the significance of US sanctions on Russian oil? The new measures target Moscow's ability to fund its war machine, the US Treasury said. Rosenberg: Trump abandons carrot and wields stick over Putin in Ukraine talks The BBC's Russia editor says Trump's decision to call off his Putin talks and impose oil sanctions will not go down well in Moscow. Why Trump made breakthrough in Gaza but can't with Putin over Ukraine The leaders' cancelled summit is just the latest twist in Trump's efforts to broker an end to the war, writes Anthony Zurcher. How would US Tomahawk missiles change the Ukraine-Russia war? The BBC's Jonathan Beale explains what impact the weapons might have if the US decides to send them to Ukraine. On the ground The 'Heroes of Kharkiv' who saved 48 children from kindergarten hit by Russian drone The story of a dramatic and heroic rescue that has captured the public imagination in Ukraine. Ukrainian city in total blackout after 'massive' Russian assault Across the wider region, four people are reported to have been killed and 10 others injured. Russia intensifies attacks on Ukraine's trains in 'battle for the railways' In the last two months, Russia has hugely upped its attacks on Ukraine's trains and rail network. Indian student captured by Ukraine joined Russian army to avoid drug charges, says mother Gujarat’s Sahil Majothi joined the Russian army to avoid jail over alleged drug charges. The new AI arms race changing the war in Ukraine Both Ukraine and Russia use AI in battle, but removing human decision-making comes with risks. Q&A: Trump's sanctions, Putin's nuclear drills, and Zelensky's poll ratings Your questions answered as the US puts new sanctions on Russian oil companies. Latest updates 6 hrs ago Funeral of 20-year-old Irish man killed in Ukraine to take place Alex Ryzhuk, who was born in Dublin to Ukrainian parents, had been serving alongside military forces when he went missing and was presumed dead. 6 hrs ago 8 hrs ago Fog helps Russian forces push deeper into key Ukrainian city of Pokrovsk A video has gone viral showing Russian soldiers openly driving into the city on civilian cars and motorbikes. 8 hrs ago 15 hrs ago Serbia's energy reliance on Russia comes unstuck facing US oil sanctions President Vucic has traded barbs with the Kremlin amid differences over gas supplies and Serbia's arms trade. 15 hrs ago 2 days ago Nord Stream suspect accuses Italy of pressure to confess Serhiy Kuznetsov is wanted in Germany over the 2022 attack on Russia's Nord Stream gas pipelines. 2 days ago 3 days ago A Kremlin target? Exiled Church man hits back at claims of spying A former leading figure in the Russian Orthodox Church breaks his silence after an ex-aide levels allegations against him. 3 days ago 3 days ago UK to help protect Belgium after suspected Russian drone incursions Sir Richard Knighton, the UK military chief, says his Belgian counterpart requested assistance in the form of personnel and equipment this week. 3 days ago 4 days ago Six dead as Russia hits energy and residential sites in Ukraine Overnight, 25 locations including Kyiv were hit, leaving many areas without electricity and heating. 4 days ago 4 days ago Hungarian PM 'got what he wanted' in talks with Trump Donald Trump has exempted Hungary from sanctions over its continued purchases of Russian oil and gas for one year, a White House official has confirmed to BBC News. 4 days ago 4 days ago Trump gives Hungary one-year exemption from Russian energy sanctions The opt-out comes despite the US increasing pressure on allies to sever economic ties with Russia. 4 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 3 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/us-canada
News News US & Canada LIVE White House says release of emails claiming Trump spent hours with Epstein victim creates 'fake narrative' The White House says the victim - whose name is redacted in the emails - is the late Virginia Giuffre. US House set for crunch vote on ending historic government shutdown Republicans sound confident the bill will pass, despite their narrow majority. Democrats vow to oppose it. 5 hrs ago US & Canada JFK's grandson Jack Schlossberg to run for Congress The Kennedy heir, who will be challenging for a New York seat, is best known for his outspoken political commentary online. 10 hrs ago US & Canada US aircraft carrier group arrives in Caribbean The US Navy's Gerald R Ford aircraft carrier is considered the world's largest warship. 16 hrs ago World Trump says he has 'obligation' to sue BBC over speech edit The US president indicates he will go ahead with a lawsuit against the BBC over how his speech was presented by Panorama. 7 hrs ago Culture Will Starbucks staff strikes hit turnaround plans? The coffee giant is returning to its roots to boost sales but labour tensions could derail the strategy. 13 mins ago Business Watch: Timelapse video shows rare northern lights display in Iowa A strong geomagnetic storm made the northern lights visible across much of the US this week. 25 mins ago US & Canada Trump vs the BBC: What hurdles might the president's legal argument face? If he were to bring a defamation case in Florida, experts say he would need to prove three major components. Trump asks Supreme Court to overturn E Jean Carroll verdict The top court is Trump's last hope of having a jury's unanimous verdict thrown out. Whether it will take the case is unclear. Families of Camp Mystic victims sue owners over deadly Texas flood Seven families have sued the owners of the Texas camp where 27 girls and counsellors died, alleging gross negligence. Syria to join US-led coalition to defeat IS group after Trump meeting Ahmed al-Sharaa, once branded a terrorist by the US, became the first Syrian leader to visit the White House. Canada loses its measles-free status, with US on track to follow The country hasn't been able to curb an outbreak of more than 5,000 cases over the last year, while US cases are at a 33-year high. Watch/Listen Watch: Trump and Obama honour US troops for Veterans Day The former president surprised nearly 80 veterans of the Korean and Vietnam wars landing on a special flight in Washington DC. 'Government, just do your job': Frustration at US airports as shutdown delays continue Thousands of flights are at risk just before Thanksgiving. Watch: Lava soars 1,100ft above Hawaii's Kilauea in latest eruption The fountaining event lasted for nearly five hours and was the 36th volcanic episode since December 2024. Watch: What New Yorkers want Mamdani to do as mayor The 34-year-old will become the city's first Muslim mayor and the youngest in more than a century when he is sworn in on 1 January 2026. Mamdani says he's a democratic socialist. What does that mean? President Donald Trump has attacked the New York City mayor-elect's political label and claims he is a communist. Features Why is Donald Trump threatening to sue the BBC? The BBC has come under fire after criticism that a Panorama documentary misleadingly edited a speech by Donald Trump. Four potential obstacles in House vote to end US shutdown The spending plan may have passed the Senate, but it's not yet a done deal in the lower chamber of Congress. Indiana joins growing US battle over redrawing electoral maps The political tug-of-war over redrawing political maps intensifies, with both Republicans and Democrats seeking advantage ahead of the 2026 midterms. Is the US government shutdown over, and why did it happen? Even if the budget swiftly clears Congress, it will still take days to reopen the government. Ariana Grande: Going brunette is not about saying goodbye to Glinda She is resuming her role in Wicked as the Good Witch of the North with Cynthia Erivo back as Elphaba. Latest updates 24 mins ago Fifty-year mortgages and $2,000 cheques: What's behind Trump's affordability drive? The US president is increasingly focusing on affordability amid growing public pessimism on the economy. 24 mins ago 25 mins ago Watch: Timelapse video shows rare northern lights display in Iowa A strong geomagnetic storm made the northern lights visible across much of the US this week. 25 mins ago 3 hrs ago Is the US government shutdown over, and why did it happen? Even if the budget swiftly clears Congress, it will still take days to reopen the government. 3 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Four potential obstacles in House vote to end US shutdown The spending plan may have passed the Senate, but it's not yet a done deal in the lower chamber of Congress. 4 hrs ago 5 hrs ago US House set for crunch vote on ending historic government shutdown Republicans sound confident the bill will pass, despite their narrow majority. Democrats vow to oppose it. 5 hrs ago 10 hrs ago JFK's grandson Jack Schlossberg to run for Congress The Kennedy heir, who will be challenging for a New York seat, is best known for his outspoken political commentary online. 10 hrs ago 20 hrs ago Watch: Trump and Obama honour US troops for Veterans Day The former president surprised nearly 80 veterans of the Korean and Vietnam wars landing on a special flight in Washington DC. 20 hrs ago 22 hrs ago Indiana joins growing US battle over redrawing electoral maps The political tug-of-war over redrawing political maps intensifies, with both Republicans and Democrats seeking advantage ahead of the 2026 midterms. 22 hrs ago 23 hrs ago Families of Camp Mystic victims sue owners over deadly Texas flood Seven families have sued the owners of the Texas camp where 27 girls and counsellors died, alleging gross negligence. 23 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 4 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/uk
News News UK UK Politics England N. Ireland Scotland Wales I have never authorised attacks on ministers, says PM Conservative leader Kemi Badenoch accused the prime minister of running a "toxic" Downing Street. 48 mins ago Politics Detention centre guard a 'prolific sex offender' An inquiry catalogues missed opportunities to stop abuse at Medomsley Detention Centre. 2 hrs ago England MP says Kelvin MacKenzie BBC interview 'an insult' Ian Byrne sends a letter to Lisa Nandy over the decision to interview the former Sun editor.. 2 hrs ago Liverpool Police 're-examining' Southport killer's parents Merseyside Police is looking into comments made by Axel Rudakubana's parents during the public inquiry. 3 hrs ago Liverpool PM says BBC must 'put house in order' over mistakes Sir Keir Starmer says it "must uphold the highest standards" but supports "a strong, independent BBC". 3 hrs ago Culture Driving test rules to change in bid to stop bots booking slots The Transport Secretary has announced new measures to tackle the continuing backlog of driving tests. 1 hr ago Business Thousands of NHS staff in England to lose jobs after deal approved The compromise deal would allow the NHS to overspend this year. 7 hrs ago Health Boy, 5, dies after golf centre wall collapse A five-year-old boy has died after sustaining life-threatening injuries in Chislehurst on Sunday. Bus stop murder accused could face trial next year Djeison Rafael, 21, appears at Birmingham Crown Court, charged with the murder of Katie Fox. Witness in Harry privacy case says earlier statement forged Gavin Burrows says an alleged confession dated 2021 was "prepared by others without my knowledge". Royal outrider 'had no control' in fatal crash Helen Holland, 81, died two weeks after she was hit by a PC motorcyclist in west London, in May 2023. Reform politician faces suspension over WhatsApp racial slur Laura Anne Jones used a racial slur to describe Chinese people, in August 2023, in a WhatsApp chat. Watch/Listen Ros Atkins on... how the BBC is run The BBC's analysis editor looks at how the organisation works - to understand why two bosses quit over the weekend. 'We should have acted earlier', says BBC chair Samir Shah Shah was asked why the corporation did not investigate concerns around the editing of a BBC documentary earlier. Watch: How Tim Davie addressed BBC controversies over the years The BBC's director general Tim Davie has resigned over Trump documentary edit. King Charles leads Remembrance Sunday service silence at Cenotaph King Charles III laid a wreath at the monument in central London as the nation remembered its war dead. Features & analysis Northern Lights set to dazzle UK once again tonight The Northern Lights have been shining over the UK and there is another chance to see them Wednesday as Elizabeth Rizzini and Helen Willetts explain. Henry Zeffman: Efforts to shore up Starmer's leadership may have backfired Briefings aimed at seeing off leadership plots may have left the PM more vulnerable, some in Labour fear. Why the shake-up of school inspections risks causing new problems Ofsted's new 'traffic light' rating system comes into force this week - does this mark meaningful change or, as one expert puts it, 'high level tinkering'? Trump vs the BBC: What hurdles might the president's legal argument face? If he were to bring a defamation case in Florida, experts say he would need to prove three major components. 'My rapist should be deported after his sentence' Abdelarahman Saleh Adam was convicted of rape in 2021 and sentenced to nine years in prison. More from the UK Youth guard may have been ‘Britain’s most prolific sex offender’ An inquiry catalogues missed opportunities to stop abuse at Medomsley Detention Centre. Schools could be named and shamed over unaffordable uniforms New uniform guidance to schools has been issued from the Department of Education. Judges say Scottish courts are risking right to fair trial in sex cases The landmark ruling by the UK Supreme Court could trigger multiple appeals by men convicted of sexual offences. Reform politician faces suspension over WhatsApp racial slur Laura Anne Jones used a racial slur to describe Chinese people, in August 2023, in a WhatsApp chat. Latest updates 4 hrs ago Witness in Harry privacy case says earlier statement forged Gavin Burrows says an alleged confession dated 2021 was "prepared by others without my knowledge". 4 hrs ago 4 hrs ago UK deal 'will not affect Aurigny aircraft fleet' Aurigny says it will provide ground handling resources at Gatwick in a deal with Skybus. 4 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Man denies murdering Ian Watkins in prison Samuel Dodsworth pleads not guilty to killing the paedophile singer at HMP Wakefield. 4 hrs ago 10 hrs ago Reaching Ollie's £1.5m heart op target is surreal Toddler Ollie, who has a rare heart condition, will be operated on in the United States in January. 10 hrs ago 18 hrs ago Catherine and Queen lay Armistice Day wreaths as nation pays tribute The Queen and the Princess of Wales have joined services to mark Armistice Day in the UK. 18 hrs ago 21 hrs ago Appeal over assault of woman sleeping on train Police share an image following a woman's assault on a train travelling to Wolverhampton. 21 hrs ago 24 hrs ago NHS manager who groomed young girls on Snapchat jailed for 28 years for rape and abuse Paul Lipscombe used fake names and lied about his age to win over his victims. 24 hrs ago 1 day ago Strikes at helicopter manufacturer to go ahead Aerospace workers at the home of British helicopters will strike after rejecting the latest deal. 1 day ago 1 day ago How to stay safe during a storm and what to do in a power cut The rain and high winds experienced during stormy weather can damage homes and cause power outages. 1 day ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 5 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/politics
News News UK UK Politics England N. Ireland Scotland Wales I have never authorised attacks on ministers, says PM Conservative leader Kemi Badenoch accused the prime minister of running a "toxic" Downing Street. 48 mins ago Politics Reaction after Starmer condemns 'unacceptable' briefings against ministers Friends of the PM told news outlets they were suspicious of Wes Streeting's leadership ambitions - but Starmer says his team are united and calls briefings against ministers "unacceptable". Thousands of NHS staff in England to lose jobs after deal approved The compromise deal would allow the NHS to overspend this year. 7 hrs ago Health Reform politician faces suspension over WhatsApp racial slur Laura Anne Jones used a racial slur to describe Chinese people, in August 2023, in a WhatsApp chat. 2 hrs ago Wales Henry Zeffman: Efforts to shore up Starmer's leadership may have backfired Briefings aimed at seeing off leadership plots may have left the PM more vulnerable, some in Labour fear. 3 hrs ago Politics Lib Dems call for 5% VAT cut for pubs and restaurants The party also wants to axe the renewables levy from bills, funded by a windfall tax on big banks. 5 hrs ago Labour MPs 'furious' as leadership row goes public Labour MPs 'furious' as leadership row goes public 51 mins ago Reform UK pulls out of BBC film after Trump edit row The party is withdrawing its co-operation from a documentary which was due to air in January. BBC must fight to restore trust, Nandy tells MPs The culture secretary tells MPs the BBC “has faced criticism from all sides”, as Donald Trump threatens to sue for $1bn over a documentary edit. Reform calls for review into BBC and Plaid relationship Reform highlighted the party's leader and head of political strategy, both who worked for the BBC. Government to rethink rejection of Waspi compensation Pensions Secretary Pat McFadden says that the rethink does not mean that payouts will necessarily follow. More than 90 prisoners freed by mistake since April The government publishes new figures for England and Wales, as it faces pressure over accidental releases. Features and analysis Chris Mason: The justice system is failing - the buck stops with Lammy Problems in the prisons and the courts are not new but they are growing and the government doesn't have a grip on them. Chris Mason: Could Reeves break a 50-year taboo by raising income tax in her Budget? It is more than half a century since a chancellor chose to put up the basic rate of income tax. What a UK government led by Reform would really look like What the party's first six months at the helm at local level shows about how they govern - and whether they can keep their promises Will Bank of England governor play Santa or Scrooge on interest rates? The interest rate decision was made by the narrowest of margins, meaning all eyes are now on the Bank's December meeting. 'Taxes are going up' - BBC decodes Reeves's pre-Budget speech Henry Zeffman analyses what may be in the chancellor's upcoming budget plans. From our Political Editor Chris Mason The justice system is failing - the buck stops with Lammy Problems in the prisons and the courts are not new but they are growing and the government doesn't have a grip on them. Could Reeves break a 50-year taboo by raising income tax in her Budget? It is more than half a century since a chancellor chose to put up the basic rate of income tax. As crises pile up, can the Home Office be fixed? The government confronts a cluster of catastrophes, all linked to small boat crossings. Will Lucy Powell's win turn things around for Labour? Chris Mason looks at what Lucy Powell's return to frontline politics might mean for Labour. Chris Mason: Extraordinary Caerphilly by-election humbles Westminster's big beasts Plaid Cymru win 47% of the vote in a record turnout, while Labour and the Tories manage just 13% between them. BBC InDepth What a UK government led by Reform would really look like What the party's first six months at the helm at local level shows about how they govern - and whether they can keep their promises The battle is on for the Conservatives to show they matter As the party's annual conference begins, there are reasons for the current leadership to be gloomy, writes Laura Kuenssberg. How much trouble is Labour in - and is the PM the right man for the job? Ahead of Labour's annual conference, Laura Kuenssberg talks to ministers, MPs and advisers about Starmer's position. Nick Robinson: How the simmering row over freedom of speech in the UK reached boiling point How did we reach a point where the UK is being compared to a 'tin pot Third World dictatorship'? Trump's state visit is mired with potential pitfalls despite careful planning Months of preparations have gone into this state visit - but the Lord Mandelson question is not the only concern troubling insiders. Watch/Listen Labour MPs 'furious' as leadership row goes public Labour MPs 'furious' as leadership row goes public Reform UK says BBC 'infected with left-wing bias' Leader Nigel Farage cites Rhuanedd Richards' role as BBC director of nations as 'living proof' of bias. Reform UK school taxi letter used as 'political football' Council leader George Finch answered questions on home-to-school transport on BBC CWR on Friday. Watch: US election night's big winners… in 90 seconds Zohran Mamdani, who will become New York City's youngest mayor since 1892, said in his victory speech that his win was a 'mandate for change'. Reporter Reads Alex Forsyth looks at what the party's first six months running councils tells us.

## 6 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/england
News News UK UK Politics England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Youth guard may have been ‘Britain’s most prolific sex offender’ An inquiry catalogues missed opportunities to stop abuse at Medomsley Detention Centre. 2 hrs ago England Police 're-examining' Southport killer's parents Merseyside Police is looking into comments made by Axel Rudakubana's parents during the public inquiry. 3 hrs ago Liverpool Lidl 'sorry' for poppy sellers' parking tickets The supermarket in North Hykeham has apologised and confirmed the tickets have been cancelled. 3 hrs ago Lincolnshire Pair behind John Lewis ad 'blown away' by reaction The advert, created by University of Lincoln alumni, has been praised for exploring masculinity. 5 hrs ago Lincolnshire Seven men charged in child sexual exploitation probe The men have been charged with more than 40 child exploitation offences against 11 victims. 41 mins ago Bristol Burglar caught hiding in bin after break-in Ashley Lawrence broke in and took about £8,000 worth of glasses from Gray & Bull Opticians. 4 hrs ago Nottinghamshire Boy, 5, dies after golf centre wall collapse A five-year-old boy has died after sustaining life-threatening injuries in Chislehurst on Sunday. 2 hrs ago London Police chief guilty of contempt over arrest footage Three senior judges find Ivan Balhatchet personally liable after footage of an arrest is withheld. Royal outrider 'had no control' in fatal crash Helen Holland, 81, died two weeks after she was hit by a PC motorcyclist in west London, in May 2023. Woman fined £1k for 'fly-tipping envelope' A woman was tracked down after she left an envelope on some fly-tipped rubbish when her bin was full. Family of bin lorry crash victim in 'disbelief' Andzie "Stan" Stanik died on Tuesday when a bin lorry struck a building in Leominster. The hunt for the mystery man in a painting Artist Emma Prempeh wants to thank a man who inspired her latest work which is on display in Hull. Stories to make you smile Man to shave off moustache after 50 years Rob Ewen from Okehampton first grew his moustache in 1975 and he will be shaving it off for charity. Hillside chalk lion figure restored by volunteers The 147-metre-long lion is thought to be the largest hill figure in England. First teen in years given highest cadet rank Arabella Mason is the first person chosen as a county's most senior cadet since before the pandemic. Features & Analysis 'My rapist should be deported after his sentence' Abdelarahman Saleh Adam was convicted of rape in 2021 and sentenced to nine years in prison. Why are landslides grinding routes to a halt? The UK is experiencing major landslides but are they caused by extreme weather or something else? Businesses 'punished by last Budget' fearful for what's next Katya Milavic-Davies says last November's Budget was a "kick in the teeth" for small businesses. Is UK's biggest solar farm a blueprint for future? Cleve Hill is almost five times bigger than the next largest solar site in operation. The fight to save one of city's last rowing barges In the 1940s there were up to 26 barges, now only six remain, with a battle to keep some afloat. Watch/Listen Watch as 1960s shopping centre demolished Rubble falls past an Anglia Square sign as heavy machinery begins to demolish the shopping precinct. 2 hrs ago Norfolk Veteran turns plastic bottles into 2,500 poppies Chris Penrose transformed his home for Remembrance Sunday. 1 day ago Black Sabbath star auctions guitar for cancer unit Tony Iommi describes the shock of being diagnosed and treated for cancer. 1 day ago Olympic Park velodrome reflects 'fireworks as farts' Clips of the phenomenon have gone viral on social media after it was shared to TikTok. 1 day ago CCTV released over fireworks murder eight years on Police are urging people to examine their consciences. 1 day ago Sport Wolves appoint ex-defender Edwards as manager Wolves finally have their man. Rob Edwards' appointment on a three-and-a-half-year contract follows the sacking of Vitor Pereira. But how big of a gamble have the Premier League side made? Stokes defends England criticism from 'has-beens' Captain Ben Stokes dismisses criticism of England's limited Ashes preparation from "has-beens". 'Salary cap would be legally challenged by clubs' A Premier League proposal to introduce a controversial salary cap "cannot be imposed unilaterally", says Professional Footballers' Association chief executive Maheta Molango. How to stop the revolving door - what next for Southampton? Following the sacking of Will Still, who could be next in the dugout at St Mary's and what sort of situation are they stepping into? Latest updates 49 mins ago Bearing plant closure plans a 'betrayal' to staff The company makes bearings for the automotive sector but plans to close its County Durham factories. 49 mins ago 2 hrs ago Police chief guilty of contempt over arrest footage Three senior judges find Ivan Balhatchet personally liable after footage of an arrest is withheld. 2 hrs ago 2 hrs ago Gunman who shot victim at point blank range jailed Leon Haughton from Wolverhampton shot his victim in a Dudley car park after tracking him. 2 hrs ago 2 hrs ago Council sees 'depressing' overspend on recycling The authority says money is being lost due to market fluctuations making recycling worth less. 2 hrs ago 2 hrs ago 'Bird flu means rare breeds will disappear' A mandatory housing order is in place across England following a rise in avian influenza. 2 hrs ago 2 hrs ago Detention centre guard a 'prolific sex offender' An inquiry catalogues missed opportunities to stop abuse at Medomsley Detention Centre. 2 hrs ago 2 hrs ago Northern Lights dazzle across North West skies Greater Manchester, Lancashire and Merseyside were treated to a spectacular early hours display of the phenomenon. 2 hrs ago 3 hrs ago Met Office issues yellow warning for heavy rain The Met Office warns there will be "heavy and prolonged" rain for 24 hours from 06:00 GMT on Friday. 3 hrs ago 3 hrs ago Illegal goods worth £280k netted in city shop raids Officers visited 36 businesses across Peterborough and Whittlesey during the operation, say police. 3 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 7 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/northern_ireland
News News N. Ireland N. Ireland Politics Schools could be named and shamed over unaffordable uniforms New uniform guidance to schools has been issued from the Department of Education. 1 hr ago Northern Ireland Student nurses to learn how to spot domestic abuse signs in UK first Almost 30,000 domestic abuse incidents were recorded  in Northern Ireland between June 2024 and 2025. 16 hrs ago Northern Ireland Woman found guilty of murdering two men in 2014 Two men were found shot dead on Inchicup Island on Lough Sheelin, in 2014, five weeks after they went missing. 7 mins ago Europe Northern Lights shine across Northern Ireland The Northern Lights, also known as the aurora borealis, are vibrant light displays that occur in the sky, usually near the polar regions. 4 hrs ago Northern Ireland US tech firm's plans to create 100 new jobs The company has established a new office in Belfast and all the jobs will be filled over the next three years. 5 hrs ago Northern Ireland Creating an ASMR soundscape for 330 million-year-old caves The Marble Arch Caves in County Fermanagh are one of several locations featured in a new campaign showcasing natural soundscapes from around NI. 9 hrs ago Northern Ireland Tribunal told woman's comments not seen as transphobic Sara Morrison, who worked for Belfast Film Festival, believes that people cannot change their biological sex. 2 hrs ago Northern Ireland Funeral of 20-year-old Irish man killed in Ukraine to take place Alex Ryzhuk, who was born in Dublin to Ukrainian parents, had been serving alongside military forces when he went missing and was presumed dead. Plastic still makes up the majority of waste on NI's beaches The latest Marine Litter Report from Keep Northern Ireland Beautiful records an average of 341 items of litter per 100m of beach. Ryanair scraps printed boarding passes to go fully digital The airline is only accepting digital boarding passes from Wednesday. Disclosure of Omagh bombing material an 'on-going process' The disclosure of material about the 1998 Omagh bombing remains an on-going process. BBC wins Royal Television Society NI awards BBC News NI has picked up awards at the Royal Television Society NI Awards at Titanic Belfast on Tuesday night. Features & Analysis Armistice Day marked across Northern Ireland Politicians and members of the public gather at memorials to commemorate fallen service personnel. 'I'm losing dozens of shop customers over traffic nightmare' People call for political help over congestion on the 16-mile (26km) stretch of road between Drumahoe, near Londonderry, and Dungiven. The hunt for the murdered British soldier who was determined to be noticed Captain Nairac was killed and secretly buried by the IRA almost 50 years ago. 'I didn't feel safe after race hate attack on my shop - but I'm glad I stayed' A businessman who considered leaving Belfast after a racist attack is back in business in another part of the city. BBC Newsline signed summary A signed summary of BBC Newsline. Foyle & West Remembrance poppy memorial thefts treated as sectarian hate crime The items, commemorating people from the area who died in World War One, were stolen from the Fountain estate on Remembrance weekend. Calls for investigation after assaults at youth Gaelic football match Tyrone GAA says it is treating the matter "most seriously" as police appeal for information. Child critical after serious crash involving lorry Emergency services were called to the scene on the Boleran Road, between Coleraine, Limavady and Garvagh, shortly before 16:00 BST on Monday. Two men injured in suspected homophobic attack The men had made their way onto Derry's Peace Bridge on Saturday night when they were assaulted. Listen: North West Today A round-up of local news, sport and weather across the north west of Northern Ireland. Republic of Ireland Catherine Connolly becomes 10th president of Ireland The Republic of Ireland's new president says "our actions today will shape the world our grandchildren will inherit". Outgoing Irish president proved he was no pushover As Michael D Higgins ends his 14-year stretch as Ireland's president, Enda McClafferty looks back at his defining moments. Higgins leaves official residence on last day as Irish president There were cheers as Michael D and Sabina Higgins left Áras an Uachtaráin which is located in Dublin's Phoenix Park. Bird flu outbreak confirmed near Northern Ireland border The Republic of Ireland's minister for agriculture, food and the marine confirms a further outbreak of highly pathogenic avian influenza H5N1. DUP absence from Connolly inauguration 'not a snub' Gavin Robinson was speaking after the party confirmed they would not send a representative to Catherine Connolly's inauguration on Tuesday. More BBC News NI on iPlayer & Sounds Good Morning Ulster Wake up to Good Morning Ulster and get all the news and analysis from home and abroad. The Nolan Show Breaking news and hard-hitting talk about the big stories of the day. Talkback Highlights from Talkback. William Crawley and guests discuss the news headlines. Evening Extra All the day’s news and analysis with Richard Morgan. BBC Newsline The latest news for Northern Ireland. The State of Us Tara Mills and Declan Harvey react and reflect on news stories in a BBC NI podcast. Red Lines The back-stop’s here? Bad puns with top political coverage from BBC Northern Ireland. The View Mark Carruthers provides comment and expert analysis on the week's political news Spotlight Hard-hitting investigations on the stories that matter in Northern Ireland. Sunday Politics Northern Ireland Mark Carruthers with the latest political news, interviews and debate. Latest updates 1 hr ago Schools could be named and shamed over unaffordable uniforms New uniform guidance to schools has been issued from the Department of Education. 1 hr ago 2 hrs ago Tribunal told woman's comments not seen as transphobic Sara Morrison, who worked for Belfast Film Festival, believes that people cannot change their biological sex. 2 hrs ago 3 hrs ago Disclosure of Omagh bombing material an 'on-going process' The disclosure of material about the 1998 Omagh bombing remains an on-going process. 3 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Northern Lights shine across Northern Ireland The Northern Lights, also known as the aurora borealis, are vibrant light displays that occur in the sky, usually near the polar regions. 4 hrs ago 5 hrs ago Teenager arrested after banner stolen from poppy memorial A 16 year old has been bailed following a theft from a poppy memorial display in the Fountain area. 5 hrs ago 5 hrs ago US tech firm's plans to create 100 new jobs The company has established a new office in Belfast and all the jobs will be filled over the next three years. 5 hrs ago 9 hrs ago Creating an ASMR soundscape for 330 million-year-old caves The Marble Arch Caves in County Fermanagh are one of several locations featured in a new campaign showcasing natural soundscapes from around NI. 9 hrs ago 9 hrs ago Plastic still makes up the majority of waste on NI's beaches The latest Marine Litter Report from Keep Northern Ireland Beautiful records an average of 341 items of litter per 100m of beach. 9 hrs ago 16 hrs ago Student nurses to learn how to spot domestic abuse signs in UK first Almost 30,000 domestic abuse incidents were recorded  in Northern Ireland between June 2024 and 2025. 16 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 8 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/northern_ireland/northern_ireland_politics
News News N. Ireland N. Ireland Politics DUP absence from Connolly inauguration 'not a snub' Gavin Robinson was speaking after the party confirmed they would not send a representative to Catherine Connolly's inauguration on Tuesday. 2 days ago Northern Ireland Politics Bid to oust education minister from office over Israel visit fails The move was set to fail as it needed cross-community support and unionist parties had already ruled out supporting it. 2 days ago Northern Ireland Politics Backdated health workers' pay award to go ahead, says minister A pay offer aimed at avoiding industrial action by healthcare workers has been made by the Department of Health. 6 days ago Northern Ireland 'Sinister attack' on Alliance headquarters 'tried to incite fear' It was reported on Wednesday that graffiti had been sprayed onto external windows, door shutters and a fence. 6 days ago Northern Ireland DUP will not be represented at Irish presidential inauguration Alliance MLA Paula Bradshaw says the DUP should send an alternative representative to Deputy First Minister Emma Little-Pengelly. 3 days ago Northern Ireland Politics Little-Pengelly turns down Irish presidential inauguration invite Northern Ireland's deputy first minister says she is unable to attend Catherine Connolly's inauguration due to Remembrance Day commitments. 5 days ago Northern Ireland Politics PSNI pay deal possible before end of year, says Long The justice minister was speaking after the health minister announced he has been given approval to award pay parity to healthcare workers. 5 days ago Northern Ireland Politics Stormont choices 'may add to funding pressures', says Benn Hilary Benn refused to be drawn on whether the Budget later this month would involve tax rises. Guidance for businesses on NI's post-Brexit trade deal 'not fit for purpose' The panel said information was "poorly presented, unwieldy and needs to be significantly improved". MLAs told cooperation over environment agency is 'crucial' Andrew Muir says assembly members should "put their money where their mouth is" and support the plan for an independent environment agency. Any tax increase must be 'fair and progressive' UK Chancellor Rachel Reeves refuses to rule out rises, saying she will make the "necessary choices". Israel trip given 'clean bill of health', minister says Stormont's Education Minister Paul Givan continues to face criticism over his six-day tour of Israel.

## 9 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/scotland
News News Scotland Scotland Politics Judges say Scottish courts are risking right to fair trial in sex cases The landmark ruling by the UK Supreme Court could trigger multiple legal challenges by men convicted of sexual offences. 31 mins ago Scotland Plans to demolish Netflix's Dept Q police headquarters Argyle House starred as the police headquarters in the Netflix series, but it could be demolished for a new development. 2 hrs ago Edinburgh, Fife & East Roseburn Path: What is the row over a new Edinburgh tram line about? A public consultation on plans to build a new tram line along a popular cycle route closes on Monday. 10 hrs ago Edinburgh, Fife & East Three arrested after missing man found dead in field Police confirmed the body of a 50-year-old man, who was reported missing, was found in a field in Kilmacolm. 21 hrs ago Glasgow & West Scotland Nursery pays out £10,000 after toddler breaks leg on first day Skye Tucker fell from a nappy changing table at Little Clouds Nursery in Altens, Aberdeen, in January this year. 53 mins ago NE, Orkney & Shetland Police chief says force will always record rapists as men Police Scotland has clarified its policy on how rapes and attempted rapes are registered on its system. 2 hrs ago Scotland Politics Outcry over plans to park wind farm parts in Highland beauty spot The developer says the project is at the early stages, but communities are already worries about impacts. 5 hrs ago Scotland Why Scotland's teachers want 90 minutes back Scotland's teachers are preparing to vote on industrial action over workload and time spent in front of pupils. Doubt over future of Aberdeen's Pride parade after 'rise in abuse' The organisers of the Aberdeen event say they want to focus on supporting people targeted in hate incidents. Northern Lights set to dazzle UK once again tonight The Northern Lights have been shining over the UK and there is another chance to see them Wednesday as Elizabeth Rizzini and Helen Willetts explain. Police investigation after rape in Glasgow city centre Emergency services were called to Sauchiehall Lane about 03:10. Two in hospital after crash which shut motorway for hours Two men were hurt in the crash which shut the A74(M) near Johnstonebridge in southern Scotland. Features and analysis Battle of the taxes Rachel Reeves’s Budget and the two-child benefit cap. Game designers bring Scotland's mysterious Picts to life Writers and archaeologists also worked on a new guide to a lost early medieval Scottish society. The WW1 piper who marched through gas, bullets and bombs to save his regiment Daniel Laidlaw was awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery in the face of battle. I had to change my degree because of university cuts Students say they are feeling the effects across studios, classrooms and workshops. Your pictures of Scotland A selection of photographs submitted to BBC Scotland News from around the country this week. News from around Scotland Pedestrian in hospital after being hit by double-decker bus The man was struck by a Lothian Buses vehicle near Haymarket station in Edinburgh. Outcry over plans to park wind farm parts in Highland beauty spot The developer says the project is at the early stages, but communities are already worries about impacts. Doubt over future of Aberdeen's Pride parade after 'rise in abuse' The organisers of the Aberdeen event say they want to focus on supporting people targeted in hate incidents. Fire-hit school's £61m replacement opens its doors The new facility in Peebles was built at a cost of £61m after the old one was badly damaged. Teenage driver cleared of causing deaths of his best friends Jayden McConnell and Kyle Marshall died in the car driven by Charles Gray when it crashed near Stirling. Sport How does Clarke rouse Scotland for tenure-defining games? The next four days could define Steve Clarke's Scotland reign, so how can he inspire his team for a seismic World Cup qualifying double-header? 'Mad scientist' & 'next Luis Enrique' - who is Celtic-linked Wilfried Nancy? Kheredine Idessane speaks to an MLS expert about Columbus Crew head coach Wilfried Nancy, who has been linked with Celtic. Foley sells Hibs stake back to Gordon family American businessman Bill Foley has sold his 25% stake in Hibernian back to the club's majority shareholder, the Gordon family, after the pair agreed the partnership was not working. First Scotland call up for Aston Villa's Taylor Aston Villa midfielder Miri Taylor gets her maiden Scotland call up after changing her international allegiance from England earlier this month. You are Scotland boss Steve Clarke… What would you do? Put yourself in the shoes of the Scotland manager and pick the side and tactics and decide what your pre-match team talk would be. More news on iPlayer and Sounds Reporting Scotland Big stories from across the country Scotcast The BBC's Scottish news podcast. Reporting Scotland: News at Seven More from the day’s top stories and communities across Scotland. Good Morning Scotland The nation's morning news programme. Latest updates 31 mins ago Judges say Scottish courts are risking right to fair trial in sex cases The landmark ruling by the UK Supreme Court could trigger multiple legal challenges by men convicted of sexual offences. 31 mins ago 5 hrs ago Outcry over plans to park wind farm parts in Highland beauty spot The developer says the project is at the early stages, but communities are already worries about impacts. 5 hrs ago 9 hrs ago Scotland's papers: Pensions U-turn call and benefit claims rise A review of the front page stories from the daily newspapers in Scotland. 9 hrs ago 10 hrs ago Game designers bring Scotland's mysterious Picts to life Writers and archaeologists also worked on a new guide to a lost early medieval Scottish society. 10 hrs ago 23 hrs ago Jail for ex-footballer 'wealthy' from drugs trade The former Highland League player was sentenced along with five other members of a drugs gang. 23 hrs ago 23 hrs ago First steps in bid to close Scotland's smallest secondary A council starts the preliminary process which could pave the way for Dalry Secondary to shut. 23 hrs ago 1 day ago Scotland wait on Russell as Hurd & Bhatti join up Star fly-half Finn Russell remains with the Scotland squad for Sunday's Test against Argentina at Murrayfield despite knee and ankle problems in the weekend loss to New Zealand. 1 day ago 1 day ago Scotland remembers the fallen on Armistice Day Across Scotland, people have fallen silent to pay tribute to those who have lost their lives in conflicts around the world. 1 day ago 1 day ago Scotland's papers: Trump threatens to sue BBC and ferry fleet struggles A review of the front page stories from the daily newspapers in Scotland. 1 day ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 11

## 10 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/scotland/scotland_politics
News News Scotland Scotland Politics Police chief says force will always record rapists as men Police Scotland has clarified its policy on how rapes and attempted rapes are registered on its system. 2 hrs ago Scotland Politics Why Scotland's teachers want 90 minutes back Scotland's teachers are preparing to vote on industrial action over workload and time spent in front of pupils. 10 hrs ago Scotland Politics Sarwar refuses to comment on UK tax hike speculation Chancellor Rachel Reeves has fuelled speculation that she could announce an increase in the Autumn Budget. 2 days ago Scotland Politics SNP take over running of Stirling Council An agreement has also been reached that sees the first Scottish Green join the administration. 2 days ago Tayside & Central Scotland Early release of prisoners will cause victims anxiety, admits minister The emergency scheme which will see nearly 1,000 inmates freed from Scotland's jails is set to get under way. 23 hrs ago Scotland Politics Minimum age in assisted dying bill raised to 18 MSPs on Holyrood's health committee have backed an amendment to raise the lower threshold from 16. 1 day ago Scotland Politics Breastfeeding rates in Scotland at record high Breastfeeding rates in Scotland are at the highest level since official records began, Public Health Scotland (PHS) data shows. 1 day ago Scotland Politics Finance secretary may have to 'revisit' no tax rise pledge Shona Robison says the chancellor's Budget decisions later this month could put unforeseen pressure on Scotland's finances. Alex Salmond died with debts of more than £340,000 Insolvency firm Begbies Traynor has named a trustee in sequestration to handle the former first minister's estate. How Scottish parties will try to maximise election votes in six months Opinion polls point to a fifth SNP victory - but a lot could change in six months with parties working flat out for votes. Whip restored to suspended Labour MP Leishman Alloa and Grangemouth MP Brian Leishman is returning to the Labour benches after a four-month suspension. Scottish government reveals plan to reach net zero targets by 2045 The route map includes targets to decarbonise building heat systems and phase out new petrol and diesel cars. Features and analysis Why the battle still rages over land ownership in Scotland The reaction to the Scottish government's wide-ranging new laws show the divided opinions on the issue. Mental health, buses and school meals - issues that matter to first-time voters Teenagers who could vote for the first time next year put politicians through their paces at an event in Dumfries. Sabotage, betrayal, secrecy... and recycling How a £50m court case over Scotland's deposit return scheme turned into a political blockbuster. A bridge, 130 convictions and a 30-year fight: The tolls that made criminals of islanders More than 100 people received criminal convictions after refusing to pay tolls on the Skye Bridge. Why is the government being sued for £170m over a recycling scheme? A waste management firm has launched legal action over a beleaguered bottle return plan.

## 11 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/wales
News News Wales Wales Politics Reform politician faces suspension over WhatsApp racial slur Laura Anne Jones used a racial slur to describe Chinese people, in August 2023, in a WhatsApp chat. 2 hrs ago Wales 'No warning signs' on beach where dad and son drowned The dad and son, from Blackwood in Caerphilly county, were swept out to sea while on holiday, an inquest hears. 3 hrs ago Wales Northern Lights leave sky-gazers in awe A powerful solar storm allowed the Aurora Boraelis to be visible across north Wales. 4 hrs ago Wales Man denies murdering paedophile Lostprophets singer Ian Watkins in prison Samuel Dodsworth pleads not guilty to killing the paedophile singer at HMP Wakefield. 4 hrs ago UK Families in Wales 'struggle' as cost pressures persist New report says parents of under 18s are among the groups most affected by cost of living pressures. 50 mins ago Wales 'My son, 4, has childhood dementia - I'm heartbroken' Tammy McDaid is raising funds to help her make memories with her son Tate. 10 hrs ago Wales New weather warning issued with risk of flooding One warning is until 23:59 GMT on Wednesday and another from 06:00 on Friday to 06:00 on Saturday. 5 hrs ago Wales Man denies murdering paedophile Lostprophets singer Ian Watkins in prison Samuel Dodsworth pleads not guilty to killing the paedophile singer at HMP Wakefield. Wales' papers: 'Nuclear power up' and woman's 'love for life' A review of the front page stories from the daily and weekly newspapers in Wales. Woman died after becoming trapped under van Eleanor Thompson, 35, from Mold, was accidentally crushed in Australia in March, an inquest hears. Farming inheritance tax causing uncertainty and confusion - MPs One accountant believes the plans will hit about 92% of farmers, not the predicted 7%. Reform calls for review into BBC and Plaid relationship Reform highlighted the party's leader and head of political strategy, both who worked for the BBC. Features & analysis Charli XCX 'cried' during collaboration with music legend for Wuthering Heights soundtrack The singer was tearful over teaming up with the former Velvet Underground member. 'I was spat at in the '70s because of my colour - those days are back' A man who was spat at because of his colour when he was young is worried about the political climate. How a wet Welsh summer helped create Winnie-the-Pooh The famous bear first featured among a collection of poems compiled in a potting shed in rainy Wales. When my wife died, Elis James reached out - now we're close mates The comedian contacted Geraint John after his wife Deb died and has helped him while he grieves. Botox was like going for coffee - but I had no idea if it was genuine Rules about administering drugs such as Botox and Mounjaro have not kept up, says Wales' regulator. Watch/Listen Wales falls silent for Armistice Day Services were held across Wales, as people gathered to mark 107 years since the end of World War One. 24 hrs ago Wales Reform UK says BBC 'infected with left-wing bias' Leader Nigel Farage cites Rhuanedd Richards' role as BBC director of nations as 'living proof' of bias. 1 day ago Wales CCTV shows sex attacker follow victim from nightclub Fawaz Alsamaou is warned he is "highly likely" to be deported after serving his sentence. 7 days ago Archive: Richard Burton speaks of his home village Burton, who would have turned 100 this year, starred in Cleopatra and Shakespearean stage roles. 2 days ago Wales Lorry driver who blamed fatal crash on cough exposed by dashcam Mariusz Korkosz was driving incorrectly for almost 20 seconds before colliding head-on with a truck. 7 days ago Wales Sport 'Faster, stronger' Rees-Zammit wants Wales start Wales wing Louis Rees-Zammit says he back from American football with more pace, power and strength. Euro 2028 bid a 'massive' motivation for Bellamy Craig Bellamy says the prospect of managing Wales at a major tournament on home soil is a "massive" motivation as he looks ahead to Euro 2028. Cracknell fulfils Wales dream after tough times Olly Cracknell credits his family resilience for helping him achieve his international dream with Wales in the autumn series. Who next for Swansea amid Hellberg links? BBC Sport Wales takes a look at who could be in the frame to become the new Swansea City boss, with Kim Hellberg emerging as the favourite. Wolves appoint ex-defender Edwards as manager Wolves finally have their man. But how big a gamble have the Premier League side made in appointing Rob Edwards? Stories from Cymru Fyw AS Reform Laura Anne Jones yn wynebu gwaharddiad am bythefnos Dywedodd y pwyllgor safonau "nad oes lle i sylwadau amhriodol a sarhaus yn ein Senedd nac yn ein cymdeithas yn ehangach". Comisiynydd y Gymraeg 'wedi colli'i ffordd' - Cymdeithas yr Iaith Cymdeithas yr Iaith yn cyhuddo Comisiynydd y Gymraeg o "golli'i ffordd" am fod canran a nifer yr ymchwiliadau sy'n cael eu cynnal wedi gostwng yn sylweddol. 'Dwi eisiau helpu plant eraill sy'n wynebu canser fel nes i' Yn wyth oed cafodd Kathryn ddiagnosis o fath prin o ganser y gwaed, ac ar ôl gwella ei nod erbyn hyn yw helpu eraill sy'n derbyn diagnosis tebyg. Y ddwy ffrind o Ddyffryn Peris sy'n annog pobl ifanc i  ddawnsio Mae Chloe Roberts o Lanrug a Iola Bryn Jones o Ddeiniolen yn credu y gall dawnsio drawsnewid bywyd plant a phobl ifanc. Latest updates Just now Badger rescued after falling down manhole The "inquisitive" creature fell 4ft (1.2m) down a shaft while foraging for food before the winter. Just now 50 mins ago Families in Wales 'struggle' as cost pressures persist New report says parents of under 18s are among the groups most affected by cost of living pressures. 50 mins ago 2 hrs ago Reform politician faces suspension over WhatsApp racial slur Laura Anne Jones used a racial slur to describe Chinese people, in August 2023, in a WhatsApp chat. 2 hrs ago 3 hrs ago 'No warning signs' on beach where dad and son drowned The dad and son, from Blackwood in Caerphilly county, were swept out to sea while on holiday, an inquest hears. 3 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Northern Lights leave sky-gazers in awe A powerful solar storm allowed the Aurora Boraelis to be visible across north Wales. 4 hrs ago 5 hrs ago New weather warning issued with risk of flooding One warning is until 23:59 GMT on Wednesday and another from 06:00 on Friday to 06:00 on Saturday. 5 hrs ago 10 hrs ago Farming inheritance tax causing uncertainty and confusion - MPs One accountant believes the plans will hit about 92% of farmers, not the predicted 7%. 10 hrs ago 10 hrs ago Wales' papers: 'Nuclear power up' and woman's 'love for life' A review of the front page stories from the daily and weekly newspapers in Wales. 10 hrs ago 10 hrs ago 'My son, 4, has childhood dementia - I'm heartbroken' Tammy McDaid is raising funds to help her make memories with her son Tate. 10 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 11

## 12 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/wales/wales_politics
News News Wales Wales Politics Reform politician faces suspension over WhatsApp racial slur Laura Anne Jones used a racial slur to describe Chinese people, in August 2023, in a WhatsApp chat. 2 hrs ago Wales Families in Wales 'struggle' as cost pressures persist New report says parents of under 18s are among the groups most affected by cost of living pressures. 50 mins ago Wales New NHS boss 'concerned' about health board targets Jacqueline Totterdell says the Betsi Cadwaladr health board may fall short of its waiting time targets. 1 day ago Wales Reform calls for review into BBC and Plaid relationship Reform highlighted the party's leader and head of political strategy, both who worked for the BBC. 20 hrs ago Wales Farming inheritance tax causing uncertainty and confusion - MPs One accountant believes the plans will hit about 92% of farmers, not the predicted 7%. 10 hrs ago Wales Wylfa nuclear plans expected to get go-ahead in days Anglesey is understood to have been chosen after UK ministers reached a decision on the site. 1 day ago Wales Jobless rise shows Labour plan failing, say Tories Tory Senedd leader says the first minister will not accept responsibility for Wales' economic woes. 1 day ago Wales First Minister's Questions from the Senedd: 11 November 2025 Eluned Morgan is quizzed by opposition party leaders and other MSs during First Minister's Questions. FAW silent over replacing late Queen as patron A petition in 2023 demanded "no more Royal patronage" and attracted 1,883 signatures. Senedd election 'tipping point' for Starmer as PM One source calls the prime minister "absolutely delusional" about the likely result next May. Two former Labour council leaders join Greens Robert James and Sean Morgan have both defected, according to the Green Party. Senedd election to scrap overnight vote count The election is scheduled for 7 May 2026, with counting to begin the following day.

## 13 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/africa
News News Africa At least six die in crush at Ghana military recruitment event Thousands had turned up to El-Wak stadium, in the capital Accra, with hopes of being enlisted. 1 hr ago Africa Wife and son of Gabon's ousted leader given 20-year jail terms in two-day corruption trial They were not in court and have described the charges against them as “a legal farce”. 47 mins ago Africa 'There was a state of terror': Sudan hospital worker describes fleeing before alleged massacre "I have lost the people whose faces I used to see smiling," says Abdu-Rabbu Ahmed after escaping el-Fasher. 23 hrs ago Africa Investigators blame bad weather for helicopter crash that killed two ministers in Ghana Two months ago, a military helicopter plummeted in a dense forest, killing eight people. 22 hrs ago Africa How jihadists have brought a nation to a standstill with their fuel blockade Mali has been paralysed by a fuel blockade, which has disrupted transport, schools, hospitals and more. 15 hrs ago Africa Nigerians praise young soldier for standing up to powerful minister The confrontation struck a chord with many Nigerians because of Nyesom Wike's political stature. 1 hr ago Africa Brothers charged with South African rapper's murder after extradition The Ndimande brothers returned after a lengthy battle to block their extradition from Eswatini. 4 hrs ago Africa Nigeria boycott training before World Cup play-off Nigeria players refused to train ahead of their crucial 2026 World Cup play-off against Gabon in a row over outstanding payments. 4 hrs ago Africa Sport Sudan civil war Sudan capital hit by drone attacks a day after RSF agrees to truce - reports The reported strikes come as the military-led government says it would be wary of agreeing to a ceasefire. 'Our job is only killing' - how Sudan's brutal militia carried out a massacre BBC Verify tracks how the RSF killed unarmed people in a massacre that humanitarian officials believe left 2,000 dead. Sudan's life-saving community kitchens on verge of collapse This follows confirmation by a global hunger monitor that famine conditions are spreading in conflict zones. He made his money selling camels and gold. Now this warlord controls half of Sudan Mohamed Hamdan Dagalo will either lead a breakaway state or seek to take control of the whole country, Sudanese say. 'I was accused of spying and beaten' - a boy's escape from captured Sudan city A 12-year-old tells the BBC that in the chaos he lost contact with his family and is now on his own at a camp. Features and analysis Ahead of the G20, is Johannesburg's city centre in ruins? Some residents in the heart of the South African city are living amid sewage in derelict buildings run by criminal gangs. How the US overtook China as Africa's biggest foreign investor As the two nations vie for key materials, the US has regained the lead in foreign direct investments in African countries. The ex-president's daughter who faces terror-related charges South African Duduzile Zuma-Sambudla, accused of stoking deadly protests, denies the charges. The president blamed for shattering Tanzania's aura of stability The manner of Samia Suluhu Hassan's re-election has earned the country a rare rebuke from the African Union. Trove of records reveals Kenya's forgotten World War soldiers Thousands of Kenyans, who fought for Britain, are buried in unknown locations and were never commemorated. Panache, parades and power: Africa's top shots A selection of the week's best photos from across the African continent and beyond. Are Christians being persecuted in Nigeria as Trump claims? Donald Trump says thousands of Christians are being killed in Nigeria - where has he got the numbers from? Can Trump expel South Africa from the G20? The US leader has repeatedly accused South Africa of persecuting its white minority - which Pretoria denies. Sport Iwobi ready to face 'big brother' Aubameyang Alex Iwobi says Nigeria will have to "lock up" Gabon striker, and his former Arsenal team-mate, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang when the sides meet in African play-offs for the 2026 World Cup. 'Cutest comeback ever' - Jabeur announces pregnancy Former world number two Ons Jabeur announces that she is pregnant with her first child. Four into one - how do African World Cup play-offs work? As Nigeria, Cameroon, DR Congo, Gabon face off in African play-offs, BBC Sport Africa looks at how one nation can still reach the 2026 World Cup. 'Flying' Sarr easing Crystal Palace's Eze loss Ismaila Sarr shines as Crystal Palace earn first home victory in Europa Conference League this term. Being Premier League's only black manager 'a privilege' - Sao Tome-born Nuno The West Ham boss says he is "honoured" to act as a role model and believes there are "a lot" of talented black coaches who can follow in his footsteps. Watch/Listen 'His aura is amazing' - Iwobi on Aubameyang Speaking before Nigeria face Gabon in African play-offs for the World Cup, Alex Iwobi says Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was his "big brother" at Arsenal. The Kenyan start-up aiming to electrify African transport From fleets of e-bikes to individual riders, eWaka aims to sell across Africa's delivery market. We will never accept stolen votes, says Cameroon opposition leader Cameroon opposition leader Issa Tchiroma Bakary is adamant that he's the winner of the presidential election. Tyson hails Congolese roots on Rumble in the Jungle visit Mike Tyson was a hit with boxing fans in Kinshasa after embracing his African roots as part of ongoing celebrations for the iconic Rumble in the Jungle. Thousands of grief-stricken mourners attend Raila Odinga's funeral Thousands of mourners attend the state funeral of former Prime Minister Raila Odinga in Nairobi. Programmes and podcasts Live: World Service for Africa Focus on Africa Podcast Three essential stories to round off your working day. Explaining the news from Africa. This is Africa Latest updates 47 mins ago Wife and son of Gabon's ousted leader given 20-year jail terms in two-day corruption trial They were not in court and have described the charges against them as “a legal farce”. 47 mins ago 1 hr ago Nigerians praise young soldier for standing up to powerful minister The confrontation struck a chord with many Nigerians because of Nyesom Wike's political stature. 1 hr ago 1 hr ago At least six die in crush at Ghana military recruitment event Thousands had turned up to El-Wak stadium, in the capital Accra, with hopes of being enlisted. 1 hr ago 4 hrs ago Brothers charged with South African rapper's murder after extradition The Ndimande brothers returned after a lengthy battle to block their extradition from Eswatini. 4 hrs ago 15 hrs ago How jihadists have brought a nation to a standstill with their fuel blockade Mali has been paralysed by a fuel blockade, which has disrupted transport, schools, hospitals and more. 15 hrs ago 22 hrs ago Investigators blame bad weather for helicopter crash that killed two ministers in Ghana Two months ago, a military helicopter plummeted in a dense forest, killing eight people. 22 hrs ago 23 hrs ago 'There was a state of terror': Sudan hospital worker describes fleeing before alleged massacre "I have lost the people whose faces I used to see smiling," says Abdu-Rabbu Ahmed after escaping el-Fasher. 23 hrs ago 1 day ago Anger over 'wanted notice' for Nigeria's ex-oil minister Timipre Sylva His spokesman says it is politically motivated and he will contact the EFCC on his return from the UK. 1 day ago 1 day ago Ghana's Asante king welcomes return of artefacts from the UK and South Africa They include items looted by British colonial soldiers and others from the AngloGold Ashanti mining firm. 1 day ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 14 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/asia
News News Asia China India How the Japan PM's Taiwan remarks provoked the fury of China Sanae Takaichi drew fire after suggesting Tokyo could take military action if Beijing attacked Taiwan. 17 hrs ago Asia All five members of K-pop group NewJeans set to return to label after legal battle NewJeans has been locked in a legal battle with Ador, accusing the agencyof mistreatment and manipulation, which it denies. 40 mins ago Asia Two popular gay dating platforms removed from Apple app store in China The removal of Blued and Finka has raised concerns amongst the LGBT community in the country. 13 hrs ago Asia Schools go hybrid as Delhi's air quality worsens Delhi's air quality has deteriorated to "severe" levels, which can seriously impact those with existing diseases. 10 hrs ago Asia Thailand extradites owner of Myanmar scam city to China She Zhijiang is one of the biggest figures linked to South East Asia's cyberscam operations. 9 hrs ago Asia Two meals for $1: Why China's youth are not spending Economic uncertainty is encouraging some young people to cut back on their spending. 17 hrs ago Asia Watch: Australian windsurfer escapes shark attack Andy McDonald recalls moment he encountered a shark while windsurfing in Western Australia this week. 9 hrs ago Australia Australia at risk of 'high-impact sabotage' from China, says spy chief Mike Burgess says state-linked hackers have tried to access water, transport and energy networks. Taliban order women to wear burkas to access hospitals, charity says Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) says each restriction "translates into delayed or denied medical care". Suicide bombing in Islamabad kills 12, says Pakistan's interior minister Mohsin Naqvi says the bomber tried to gain entry to a court complex but was unable to get inside. Evidence of ancient tree-climbing 'drop crocs' found in Australia Scientists say the crocodiles hunted like leopards by climbing trees and killing prey below. Moment newly opened bridge partially collapses in China Local authorities in the southwestern province of Sichuan say there are no reports of casualties following the collapse. Features India's start-ups fire up public markets amid valuation concerns Start-up fundraising has raised uncomfortable questions about valuations, but  signals a maturing ecosystem. How an Afghan child bride became one of Europe's top bodybuilders Roya Karimi is getting ready to compete in the world bodybuilding championships, 15 years after fleeing Afghanistan. Cryptoqueen who fled China for London mansion jailed over £5bn Bitcoin stash Qian Zhimin bought cryptocurrency using funds stolen from thousands of Chinese pensioners, say police. Once a sure thing, Australia's bid to host COP31 falters amid deadlock with Turkey If no agreement is reached between the two countries, the German city of Bonn will host by default. 'There was blood everywhere': Delhi residents recount horror of huge car explosion Eyewitnesses describe what they saw after the blast near the Red Fort in the Indian capital. Latest updates 40 mins ago All five members of K-pop group NewJeans set to return to label after legal battle NewJeans has been locked in a legal battle with Ador, accusing the agencyof mistreatment and manipulation, which it denies. 40 mins ago 9 hrs ago Thailand extradites owner of Myanmar scam city to China She Zhijiang is one of the biggest figures linked to South East Asia's cyberscam operations. 9 hrs ago 10 hrs ago Schools go hybrid as Delhi's air quality worsens Delhi's air quality has deteriorated to "severe" levels, which can seriously impact those with existing diseases. 10 hrs ago 13 hrs ago Two popular gay dating platforms removed from Apple app store in China The removal of Blued and Finka has raised concerns amongst the LGBT community in the country. 13 hrs ago 16 hrs ago Global girl group Katseye have received 'thousands' of death threats The band, nominated for best new act at the Grammys, discuss the "jarring" hatred they've received. 16 hrs ago 16 hrs ago Taliban order women to wear burkas to access hospitals, charity says Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) says each restriction "translates into delayed or denied medical care". 16 hrs ago 16 hrs ago India's start-ups fire up public markets amid valuation concerns Start-up fundraising has raised uncomfortable questions about valuations, but  signals a maturing ecosystem. 16 hrs ago 17 hrs ago Two meals for $1: Why China's youth are not spending Economic uncertainty is encouraging some young people to cut back on their spending. 17 hrs ago 17 hrs ago How the Japan PM's Taiwan remarks provoked the fury of China Sanae Takaichi drew fire after suggesting Tokyo could take military action if Beijing attacked Taiwan. 17 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 15 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/asia/china
News News Asia China India How the Japan PM's Taiwan remarks provoked the fury of China Sanae Takaichi drew fire after suggesting Tokyo could take military action if Beijing attacked Taiwan. 17 hrs ago Asia Thailand extradites owner of Myanmar scam city to China She Zhijiang is one of the biggest figures linked to South East Asia's cyberscam operations. 9 hrs ago Asia Two popular gay dating platforms removed from Apple app store in China The removal of Blued and Finka has raised concerns amongst the LGBT community in the country. 13 hrs ago Asia China exempts chips used by carmakers from export curbs The block on exports of the company's chips had raised fears that European car production would be hit. 2 days ago Business Two meals for $1: Why China's youth are not spending Economic uncertainty is encouraging some young people to cut back on their spending. 17 hrs ago Asia Australia at risk of 'high-impact sabotage' from China, says spy chief Mike Burgess says state-linked hackers have tried to access water, transport and energy networks. 13 hrs ago World Moment newly opened bridge partially collapses in China Local authorities in the southwestern province of Sichuan say there are no reports of casualties following the collapse. 18 hrs ago Asia Features Battle over Chinese chip maker rocks global car industry In an extraordinary move, the Dutch government seized control of Nexperia, triggering anger in Beijing. Cryptoqueen who fled China for London mansion jailed over £5bn Bitcoin stash Qian Zhimin bought cryptocurrency using funds stolen from thousands of Chinese pensioners, say police. Thousands of Chinese lured abroad and forced to be scammers - now Beijing is cracking down Myanmar's scam clans are being brought to justice in the full glare of Chinese state TV. 300 million tourists just visited China's stunning Xinjiang region. There's a side they didn't see China has repackaged Xinjiang into a tourist haven, touting "ethnic" experiences that activists say it's trying to erase. Handshakes and whispers: Trump and Xi's meeting…in 73 seconds Trump says the meeting with President Xi, which was their first face-to-face interaction since 2019, was a "great success". Latest updates 9 hrs ago Thailand extradites owner of Myanmar scam city to China She Zhijiang is one of the biggest figures linked to South East Asia's cyberscam operations. 9 hrs ago 13 hrs ago Australia at risk of 'high-impact sabotage' from China, says spy chief Mike Burgess says state-linked hackers have tried to access water, transport and energy networks. 13 hrs ago 13 hrs ago Two popular gay dating platforms removed from Apple app store in China The removal of Blued and Finka has raised concerns amongst the LGBT community in the country. 13 hrs ago 17 hrs ago Two meals for $1: Why China's youth are not spending Economic uncertainty is encouraging some young people to cut back on their spending. 17 hrs ago 17 hrs ago How the Japan PM's Taiwan remarks provoked the fury of China Sanae Takaichi drew fire after suggesting Tokyo could take military action if Beijing attacked Taiwan. 17 hrs ago 18 hrs ago Moment newly opened bridge partially collapses in China Local authorities in the southwestern province of Sichuan say there are no reports of casualties following the collapse. 18 hrs ago 1 day ago Cryptoqueen who fled China for London mansion jailed over £5bn Bitcoin stash Qian Zhimin bought cryptocurrency using funds stolen from thousands of Chinese pensioners, say police. 1 day ago 1 day ago Vicar leads push to honour Chinese WW1 labourers The Rev Mark Nam first learned about the Chinese Labour Corps during an online talk in the pandemic. 1 day ago 2 days ago Battle over Chinese chip maker rocks global car industry In an extraordinary move, the Dutch government seized control of Nexperia, triggering anger in Beijing. 2 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 16 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/asia/india
News News Asia China India India's start-ups fire up public markets amid valuation concerns Start-up fundraising has raised uncomfortable questions about valuations, but  signals a maturing ecosystem. 16 hrs ago Asia Schools go hybrid as Delhi's air quality worsens Delhi's air quality has deteriorated to "severe" levels, which can seriously impact those with existing diseases. 10 hrs ago Asia Dozens detained after rare protest demanding Delhi clean up its toxic air Over the past three weeks, the air quality in Delhi and its suburbs has been hazardous, and it continues to worsen. 2 days ago Asia India win sparks surge in sales for T20 World Cup There has been a surge of tickets bought for next summer's Women's T20 World Cup in England following India's victory in the 50-over version. 2 days ago Modi says those behind Delhi blast that killed eight 'will not be spared' Anti-terror police are now investigating the cause of the explosion on Monday. 23 hrs ago Asia 'There was blood everywhere': Delhi residents recount horror of huge car explosion Eyewitnesses describe what they saw after the blast near the Red Fort in the Indian capital. 1 day ago Asia India's data centre boom confronts a looming water challenge Energy hungry, water-guzzling data centres could affect India's decarbonisation plans, say experts. 3 days ago Asia Features Harshita was murdered a year ago - so why has her killer not been caught, family ask Police have charged Harshita Brella's husband with murder - but, despite sightings, he remains on the run. Gurinder Chadha on Bend It Like Beckham sequel and new film Christmas Karma The director on pressure to get her sequel right, while also working on a reimagining of A Christmas Carol. Why tech giants are offering premium AI tools to millions of Indians for free Experts say India’s vast, diverse and young user base makes it a key market for global AI expansion. Blame game over Air India crash goes on A judge in India's Supreme Court has insisted that nobody can blame the aircraft's captain. 'I thought it was a prank' - How a Brazilian woman became the face of India vote fraud row Congress MP Rahul Gandhi alleges that Larissa Nery's photo appeared on the voters' list in Haryana 22 times. Watch Verified videos show aftermath of explosion in Delhi Police say eight people have been killed after a car explodes near Delhi's Red Fort landmark in India. Fans celebrate India women's World Cup win India's women's cricket team beat South Africa by 52 runs in the final on Sunday night. Trump imitates India's PM Narendra Modi in South Korea Trump impersonated Modi while recalling his conversations from the May India-Pakistan conflict Woman saved after slipping while boarding a moving train Video released by India’s Southern Railways shows the moment a woman nearly fell in between a moving train and a station platform. Millions of Diwali lamps light up Indian town to set new world record A record 2.6 million earthen lamps were lit on Sunday in Ayodhya, Uttar Pradesh. Latest updates 10 hrs ago Schools go hybrid as Delhi's air quality worsens Delhi's air quality has deteriorated to "severe" levels, which can seriously impact those with existing diseases. 10 hrs ago 16 hrs ago India's start-ups fire up public markets amid valuation concerns Start-up fundraising has raised uncomfortable questions about valuations, but  signals a maturing ecosystem. 16 hrs ago 23 hrs ago Modi says those behind Delhi blast that killed eight 'will not be spared' Anti-terror police are now investigating the cause of the explosion on Monday. 23 hrs ago 1 day ago 'There was blood everywhere': Delhi residents recount horror of huge car explosion Eyewitnesses describe what they saw after the blast near the Red Fort in the Indian capital. 1 day ago 2 days ago At least eight killed after car explodes near Delhi's Red Fort Twenty more were injured in the blast, the cause of which is still unknown, authorities say. 2 days ago 2 days ago Verified videos show aftermath of explosion in Delhi Police say eight people have been killed after a car explodes near Delhi's Red Fort landmark in India. 2 days ago 2 days ago Dozens detained after rare protest demanding Delhi clean up its toxic air Over the past three weeks, the air quality in Delhi and its suburbs has been hazardous, and it continues to worsen. 2 days ago 3 days ago India's data centre boom confronts a looming water challenge Energy hungry, water-guzzling data centres could affect India's decarbonisation plans, say experts. 3 days ago 3 days ago Harshita was murdered a year ago - so why has her killer not been caught, family ask Police have charged Harshita Brella's husband with murder - but, despite sightings, he remains on the run. 3 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 17 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/australia
News News Australia Australia at risk of 'high-impact sabotage' from China, says spy chief Mike Burgess says state-linked hackers have tried to access water, transport and energy networks. 13 hrs ago World Evidence of ancient tree-climbing 'drop crocs' found in Australia Scientists say the crocodiles hunted like leopards by climbing trees and killing prey below. 15 hrs ago Australia John Laws, veteran Australian talkback radio host nicknamed 'Golden Tonsils', dies aged 90 The successful but polarising Australian broadcaster had a career spanning more than 70 years. 3 days ago Australia Australia see off England for Ashes clean sweep England fall to another rugby league Ashes defeat as Australia add to their misery at Headingley to complete a 3-0 series clean sweep. 4 days ago Rugby League Watch: Australian windsurfer escapes shark attack Andy McDonald recalls moment he encountered a shark while windsurfing in Western Australia this week. 9 hrs ago Australia Once a sure thing, Australia's bid to host COP31 falters amid deadlock with Turkey If no agreement is reached between the two countries, the German city of Bonn will host by default. 2 days ago Australia New 'Lucifer' bee with devil-like horns found in Australia The native bee was found near a rare wildflower, prompting scientists to call for the area to be protected. 2 days ago Australia Features & Analysis 'Sea legs meant I couldn't bowl' - when England travelled to Australia by boat Wonderful food, the Duke of Norfolk and Fred Trueman refusing to run laps - England's 1962-63 tour of Australia, the last time they travelled by boat. 'Nestflix': Peregrine falcon livestream has Australians glued to their screens Fans of the birds, whose lives have been compared to Game of Thrones, are currently waiting with bated breath for this year's chicks to fledge. Friendly Albanese-Trump meeting masks Australia's creeping doubts about US The talks in Washington were a win for Australia, but at home many are nervous about the relationship. Fatal attack revives debate over controversial shark nets in Australia The use of controversial shark nets was about to be scaled back in Sydney when a surfer was killed. The sunscreen scandal shocking Australia - the world's skin cancer hotspot It has shaken consumer trust and raised questions about global sunscreen regulation. Watch/Listen Slow-motion footage reveals secrets of snake bites Scientists working out of a venom laboratory in Paris studied which snakes strike their prey fastest. Trump to Australian ambassador: 'I don't like you either' In 2020, Kevin Rudd wrote on social media that he believed Trump was the 'most destructive' president in US history. Watch: Millions of red crabs begin annual migration on Christmas Island The island off mainland Australia experiences the event every summer, when around 50 million crabs scuttle down from their homes to the beach to lay eggs. Watch: Brits row from Peru to Australia in tiny boat Jess Rowe and Miriam Payne told the BBC how they made the six-month journey unsupported, catching fish and growing their own vegetables. Watch: Dolphin calf rescued from fishing line entanglement The mother and calf were spotted in late September, with the young dolphin’s swimming ability noticeably impeded by a fishing line caught around its tail. Latest updates 9 hrs ago Watch: Australian windsurfer escapes shark attack Andy McDonald recalls moment he encountered a shark while windsurfing in Western Australia this week. 9 hrs ago 9 hrs ago Hazlewood cleared of injury but Abbott out of Test Josh Hazlewood is cleared to join Australia’s squad for the first Ashes Test against England after an injury scare, but fellow pace bowler Sean Abbott is ruled out. 9 hrs ago 15 hrs ago Evidence of ancient tree-climbing 'drop crocs' found in Australia Scientists say the crocodiles hunted like leopards by climbing trees and killing prey below. 15 hrs ago 2 days ago New 'Lucifer' bee with devil-like horns found in Australia The native bee was found near a rare wildflower, prompting scientists to call for the area to be protected. 2 days ago 2 days ago Once a sure thing, Australia's bid to host COP31 falters amid deadlock with Turkey If no agreement is reached between the two countries, the German city of Bonn will host by default. 2 days ago 3 days ago John Laws, veteran Australian talkback radio host nicknamed 'Golden Tonsils', dies aged 90 The successful but polarising Australian broadcaster had a career spanning more than 70 years. 3 days ago 5 days ago 'Nestflix': Peregrine falcon livestream has Australians glued to their screens Fans of the birds, whose lives have been compared to Game of Thrones, are currently waiting with bated breath for this year's chicks to fledge. 5 days ago 6 days ago Man catches fire after power bank overheats at Melbourne airport lounge Staff helped the man, aged in his 50s, into a shower and he was treated for burns to his leg and fingers. 6 days ago 6 days ago Cummins 'on track' to return for second Ashes Test Australia captain Pat Cummins says he is "on track" to play the second Ashes Test against England as he recovers from a back injury. 6 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 18 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/europe
News News Europe Italy probes claims that tourists paid to shoot at civilians in Bosnian war Italians and others are alleged to have paid large sums to fire at Bosnians risking their lives in besieged Sarajevo. 3 hrs ago Europe Serbia's energy reliance on Russia comes unstuck facing US oil sanctions President Vucic has traded barbs with the Kremlin amid differences over gas supplies and Serbia's arms trade. 15 hrs ago Europe Turkey demands more than 2,000 years in jail for popular Istanbul mayor Istanbul's chief prosecutor accuses Ekrem Imamoglu and 400 others of running a corruption network. 23 hrs ago World How an Afghan child bride became one of Europe's top bodybuilders Roya Karimi is getting ready to compete in the world bodybuilding championships, 15 years after fleeing Afghanistan. 17 hrs ago World Danish man given suspended sentence for sharing nude film scenes on Reddit Police said the man shared 347 clips of naked actors on the social media site, which were viewed 4.2 million times. 1 hr ago Europe Fog helps Russian forces push deeper into key Ukrainian city of Pokrovsk A video has gone viral showing Russian soldiers openly driving into the city on civilian cars and motorbikes. 8 hrs ago Europe Watch: Russia's AI robot falls seconds after being unveiled Footage shows the moment Russia's first anthropomorphic robot fell just seconds after its debut 5 hrs ago Europe Former French president Sarkozy released from prison after three weeks The former French president was jailed in October for conspiring to fund his election campaign with money from late Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi. Turkey FA suspends 1,024 players in betting probe The Turkish Football Federation suspends 1,024 players from its professional leagues as part of an investigation into betting. Nord Stream suspect accuses Italy of pressure to confess Serhiy Kuznetsov is wanted in Germany over the 2022 attack on Russia's Nord Stream gas pipelines. Trial for suspect of deadly Magdeburg market attack begins Five people, including a nine-year-old boy, were killed in the attack on a Christmas market in the German town last year. Higgins leaves official residence on last day as Irish president There were cheers as Michael D and Sabina Higgins left Áras an Uachtaráin which is located in Dublin's Phoenix Park. Features & Analysis What Hungary's Orban did - and didn't - get from Trump On the surface, the Hungarian PM's trip was exactly what he wanted, but the full picture is more complex, writes the BBC's Nick Thorpe. Ukrainians would like to watch comedies - but for now their culture is defined by war Nearly four years on from Russia's invasion, the arts are back but the war permeates everything. South Africans trapped in Donbas after joining Russia-Ukraine war, Ramaphosa says It is unclear whether the citizens were fighting on behalf of Russia or Ukraine. Freed in Trump deal: Prisoners in exile tell of brutality behind bars in Belarus They were freed in September under a deal between Belarus's authoritarian leader Alexander Lukashenko and US President Donald Trump. 'My skin was peeling' - the African women tricked into making Russian drones A BBC investigation finds evidence that young African women are being tricked into building Russian drones. Watch/Listen Queues and protests: BBC at the Shein store opening in Paris The online shopping giant opened its first physical shop in the world - in a Parisian department store. Watch: Train smashes into truck at Dutch level crossing Five people sustained minor injuries but nobody was seriously hurt in the incident in Meteren. Watch: Moment nuclear plant towers collapse during demolition Two nuclear cooling towers in the town of Gundremmingen, Germany, collapse into large swirls of thick, white dust during demolition. 'Heist made it more exciting to go to the Louvre': Tourists react as museum reopens The famous Paris museum reopened on Wednesday, three days after millions of euros worth of jewellery stolen in broad daylight. Latest updates 8 mins ago Woman found guilty of murdering two men in 2014 Two men were found shot dead on Inchicup Island on Lough Sheelin, in 2014, five weeks after they went missing. 8 mins ago 1 hr ago Danish man given suspended sentence for sharing nude film scenes on Reddit Police said the man shared 347 clips of naked actors on the social media site, which were viewed 4.2 million times. 1 hr ago 3 hrs ago Italy probes claims that tourists paid to shoot at civilians in Bosnian war Italians and others are alleged to have paid large sums to fire at Bosnians risking their lives in besieged Sarajevo. 3 hrs ago 5 hrs ago Watch: Russia's AI robot falls seconds after being unveiled Footage shows the moment Russia's first anthropomorphic robot fell just seconds after its debut 5 hrs ago 6 hrs ago Funeral of 20-year-old Irish man killed in Ukraine to take place Alex Ryzhuk, who was born in Dublin to Ukrainian parents, had been serving alongside military forces when he went missing and was presumed dead. 6 hrs ago 8 hrs ago Fog helps Russian forces push deeper into key Ukrainian city of Pokrovsk A video has gone viral showing Russian soldiers openly driving into the city on civilian cars and motorbikes. 8 hrs ago 15 hrs ago Serbia's energy reliance on Russia comes unstuck facing US oil sanctions President Vucic has traded barbs with the Kremlin amid differences over gas supplies and Serbia's arms trade. 15 hrs ago 17 hrs ago Catherine Connolly becomes 10th president of Ireland The Republic of Ireland's new president says "our actions today will shape the world our grandchildren will inherit". 17 hrs ago 18 hrs ago Catherine Connolly has 'never believed more' in the spirit of Ireland New Irish President Catherine Connolly says she has been given a "powerful mandate" to articulate a vision for a new republic. 18 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

