## 1 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/topics/c2vdnvdg6xxt
News News Israel-Gaza war The battle over Gaza's future: Why no-one can agree on the rebuild From AI-powered super cities to designs that capture its 'soul and spirit', plans have already been draw up - but political obstacles remain 13 hrs ago BBC InDepth Israel says Hamas returned body of dead Tanzanian hostage Joshua Mollel, a 21-year-old agriculture student, was killed at Kibbutz Nir Oz during the Hamas-led 7 October 2023 attack on Israel. 1 day ago World Israeli strikes in Gaza kill 104, health ministry says, after Hamas accused of killing soldier US President Trump says "nothing" will jeopardise the two-week-old ceasefire despite the flare-up of violence. 29 Oct 2025 Middle East International troops won't want to enforce Gaza peace, says King of Jordan King Abdullah tells the BBC there would need to be peace in Gaza before any international forces were deployed. 27 Oct 2025 Middle East Inside Gaza, BBC sees total devastation after two years of war With endless rubble and destroyed streets as far as the eye can see, any plans for Gaza's future are a far cry from where it is today, writes Lucy Williamson. 2 days ago Middle East Israel says Hamas returned body of Israeli-US soldier held hostage Itay Chen's remains were returned to Israel via the Red Cross on Tuesday, meaning seven dead hostages now remain in Gaza. 2 days ago Middle East Israeli military's ex-top lawyer arrested over leak of video allegedly showing Palestinian detainee abuse Maj Gen Yifat Tomer-Yerushalmi resigned on Friday, admitting leaking a video allegedly showing abuse of a Palestinian detainee. 4 days ago Middle East Analysis Can the Gaza ceasefire deal survive? Its prospects depend heavily on the continuing engagement of the Trump White House, writes Frank Gardner. Watch: UN official says Gaza ruins 'like Hiroshima' Humanitarian chief Tom Fletcher talk to the BBC about scenes of despair he witnessed on a recent trip to the costal enclave. New images show Israeli control line deeper into Gaza than expected Israel has placed boundary markers up to 520m deeper inside Gaza than expected under the ceasefire deal with Hamas. Bowen: Trump's role in Gaza ceasefire was decisive, but not a roadmap to peace Trump's Middle East visit was a victory lap - but peace does not emerge just because a president decides it. 'Worse than starting from scratch': How big is the task of rebuilding Gaza? BBC Verify investigates the damage done by two years of war, which could take $70bn and decades to repair. Human stories Gaza children dying as they wait for Israel to enable evacuations Around 15,000 Gazans are waiting for urgent medical treatment, according to the UN. Gaza doctors struggle to investigate 'signs of torture' on unnamed dead returned by Israel Photographs show bodies with multiple signs of injury and wrists tied behind their backs. UN's top court says Israel obliged to allow UN aid into Gaza The court also says Israel has not substantiated its allegations against the UN agency for Palestinian refugees. 'I'm 89 and I saw my homeland rebuilt before - but now I don't believe Gaza has a future' One Palestinian family shares their story of life coming full circle - and what they believe lies ahead as talk turns to rebuilding Gaza A lucky cat, a tattered football: The things Gazans kept close during two years of war The BBC speaks to Palestinians about the keepsakes and essentials they have held on to. Watch and listen again on iPlayer and Sounds Jeremy Bowen: Chances of peace in the Middle East The BBC's International Editor reflects on the ongoing peace efforts Latest updates 2 hrs ago Maccabi fan ban was due to hooliganism, say police West Midlands Police did not previously reveal its reasons because "it wasn't deemed helpful". 2 hrs ago 5 hrs ago Released Israeli hostage says he was sexually assaulted in Gaza captivity In an interview with Israeli TV, Rom Braslavski described how he was stripped naked and tied up by members of Palestinian Islamic Jihad. 5 hrs ago 8 hrs ago Four held after protesters set off flares during Israeli orchestra concert in Paris Clashes broke out during one of three disruptions to the performance featuring conductor Lahav Shani. 8 hrs ago 10 hrs ago Arrests as hundreds protest at Villa-Maccabi match Eleven men are held amid a huge police operation near Villa Park involving 700 officers. 10 hrs ago 11 hrs ago Who are the released hostages? The Israeli military says 20 living hostages have been released by Hamas and have returned to Israel. 11 hrs ago 13 hrs ago The battle over Gaza's future: Why no-one can agree on the rebuild From AI-powered super cities to designs that capture its 'soul and spirit', plans have already been draw up - but political obstacles remain 13 hrs ago 1 day ago Israel says Hamas returned body of dead Tanzanian hostage Joshua Mollel, a 21-year-old agriculture student, was killed at Kibbutz Nir Oz during the Hamas-led 7 October 2023 attack on Israel. 1 day ago 2 days ago Inside Gaza, BBC sees total devastation after two years of war With endless rubble and destroyed streets as far as the eye can see, any plans for Gaza's future are a far cry from where it is today, writes Lucy Williamson. 2 days ago 2 days ago Israel says Hamas returned body of Israeli-US soldier held hostage Itay Chen's remains were returned to Israel via the Red Cross on Tuesday, meaning seven dead hostages now remain in Gaza. 2 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 2 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/war-in-ukraine
News News War in Ukraine Russian soldier sentenced to life in jail in unprecedented Ukrainian trial In the first ruling of its kind, Dmitry Kurashov was found guilty of killing an unarmed Ukrainian soldier who had surrendered. 1 day ago Europe Why the fall of this city would matter to Ukraine and Russia The battle for Pokrovsk - on a big road and rail artery in the Donetsk region - has been going on for well over a year. 1 day ago Europe South Africans trapped in Donbas after joining Russia-Ukraine war, Ramaphosa says It is unclear whether the citizens were fighting on behalf of Russia or Ukraine. 1 day ago World Zelensky visits troops near embattled front line town of Pokrovsk Fierce battles are taking place in the Donetsk town that Russia has been trying to occupy for over a year. 3 days ago Europe Nato 'will stand with Ukraine' to get long-lasting peace, senior official tells BBC Admiral Giuseppe Cavo Dragone tells the BBC the Russia-Ukraine war is bogged down, and it is "almost time to sit and talk". 5 days ago Europe Key town faces 'multi-thousand' Russian force, top Ukraine commander admits Oleksandr Syrskyi says special forces have been deployed but denies Russian reports Ukrainian troops are surrounded in Pokrovsk. 6 days ago Europe Analysis In Russia's 'blitz' of Ukraine, the question of appeasement is back A large gulf remains between the US and European view of how to end the Ukraine war. What's the significance of US sanctions on Russian oil? The new measures target Moscow's ability to fund its war machine, the US Treasury said. Rosenberg: Trump abandons carrot and wields stick over Putin in Ukraine talks The BBC's Russia editor says Trump's decision to call off his Putin talks and impose oil sanctions will not go down well in Moscow. Why Trump made breakthrough in Gaza but can't with Putin over Ukraine The leaders' cancelled summit is just the latest twist in Trump's efforts to broker an end to the war, writes Anthony Zurcher. How would US Tomahawk missiles change the Ukraine-Russia war? The BBC's Jonathan Beale explains what impact the weapons might have if the US decides to send them to Ukraine. On the ground The 'Heroes of Kharkiv' who saved 48 children from kindergarten hit by Russian drone The story of a dramatic and heroic rescue that has captured the public imagination in Ukraine. Ukrainian city in total blackout after 'massive' Russian assault Across the wider region, four people are reported to have been killed and 10 others injured. Russia intensifies attacks on Ukraine's trains in 'battle for the railways' In the last two months, Russia has hugely upped its attacks on Ukraine's trains and rail network. Indian student captured by Ukraine joined Russian army to avoid drug charges, says mother Gujarat’s Sahil Majothi joined the Russian army to avoid jail over alleged drug charges. The new AI arms race changing the war in Ukraine Both Ukraine and Russia use AI in battle, but removing human decision-making comes with risks. Q&A: Trump's sanctions, Putin's nuclear drills, and Zelensky's poll ratings Your questions answered as the US puts new sanctions on Russian oil companies. Latest updates 1 day ago Russian soldier sentenced to life in jail in unprecedented Ukrainian trial In the first ruling of its kind, Dmitry Kurashov was found guilty of killing an unarmed Ukrainian soldier who had surrendered. 1 day ago 1 day ago Why the fall of this city would matter to Ukraine and Russia The battle for Pokrovsk - on a big road and rail artery in the Donetsk region - has been going on for well over a year. 1 day ago 1 day ago South Africans trapped in Donbas after joining Russia-Ukraine war, Ramaphosa says It is unclear whether the citizens were fighting on behalf of Russia or Ukraine. 1 day ago 2 days ago Teen Ukrainian army medic on dealing with friends dying Sophia Yanchevska, 19, talks to Ukrainecast about working on the front line. 2 days ago 3 days ago Zelensky visits troops near embattled front line town of Pokrovsk Fierce battles are taking place in the Donetsk town that Russia has been trying to occupy for over a year. 3 days ago 5 days ago Nato 'will stand with Ukraine' to get long-lasting peace, senior official tells BBC Admiral Giuseppe Cavo Dragone tells the BBC the Russia-Ukraine war is bogged down, and it is "almost time to sit and talk". 5 days ago 6 days ago Key town faces 'multi-thousand' Russian force, top Ukraine commander admits Oleksandr Syrskyi says special forces have been deployed but denies Russian reports Ukrainian troops are surrounded in Pokrovsk. 6 days ago 7 days ago Russia's new nuclear weapons - real threat or Putin bluster? This week alone, the Russian president unveiled two nuclear-capable weapons - but their value may be more symbolic than military. 7 days ago 8 days ago How teenager gave a street concert and was caught up in Russia's repressive past Diana Loginova sang songs critical of the Kremlin. The 18-year-old and her bandmate are now in court. 8 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 3 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/us-canada
News News US & Canada LIVE Thousands of flights cancelled or delayed in US as air traffic control hit by government shutdown Domestic air travel will be cut by up to 10% at 40 major airports, resulting in thousands of cancelled flights in the coming days. Watch: 'This is not good' - Airline travellers react to flight reductions Airports are grappling with air traffic controller shortages during the federal government shutdown. 46 mins ago US & Canada Man jailed for life over 'monstrous' killing of Ottawa family Febrio De-Zoysa was living in Ottawa with the parents and four children when he fatally stabbed them. 9 hrs ago World Kendrick Lamar and Lady Gaga lead 2026 Grammy nominations Lady Gaga and Kendrick Lamar lead the nominees, while K-Pop breaks into the song of the year category. 2 hrs ago Culture Elon Musk's $1tn pay deal approved by Tesla shareholders The richest man in the world will get hundreds of millions of new shares if he hits his targets. 9 hrs ago Technology Buoyed by election wins, Democrats still face tough choices to regain power A year after a painful election defeat, the Democratic Party stands at a fork in the road. 16 hrs ago US & Canada Gunshots end months-long Canadian ostrich cull saga that captivated RFK Jr The fate of more than 300 birds in Canada had become a cross-border political cause. Just now US & Canada What does Elon Musk do with all his money? While he has a penchant for cars and jets, the world's richest person reportedly lives a relatively modest life. Multiple people fall ill after package delivered to Air Force One base The building the package was opened in was evacuated and those taken ill were found to be stable. Ex-NFL star extradited to US to face shooting charge Former NFL star Antonio Brown is extradited from Dubai to the United States to face a charge of second degree attempted murder relating to a shooting incident in May. Harry apologises to Canada for wearing LA Dodgers cap during World Series Critics had said he disrespected the commonwealth and the only Canadian team in Major League Baseball. Judge orders Trump administration to fully fund Snap food benefits The federal judge ruled that Trump was choosing to withhold federal food aid due to "political reasons". Watch/Listen Watch: What New Yorkers want Mamdani to do as mayor The 34-year-old will become the city's first Muslim mayor and the youngest in more than a century when he is sworn in on 1 January 2026. Mamdani says he's a democratic socialist. What does that mean? President Donald Trump has attacked the New York City mayor-elect's political label and claims he is a communist. Ros Atkins on… A year since Trump’s election victory A year after Donald Trump’s election victory over Kamala Harris, Ros Atkins looks at how his second term has unfolded. Watch: The Iraq war to a hunting accident, Cheney's defining moments Key moments that helped shape the legacy of one of America’s most influential, and divisive, vice presidents. Watch: Moment train collides with lorry carrying vehicles According to police in Texas, the truck was transporting a full load of cars when it stopped on the railroad tracks. Features Quiz: How big is one trillion? Can you fathom the scale of Elon Musk's pay rise? From gas to groceries, has Trump kept his promise to tackle rising prices? President Trump promised to bring down inflation. One year on from his victory, BBC Verify revisits some of his claims. Are Christians being persecuted in Nigeria as Trump claims? Donald Trump says thousands of Christians are being killed in Nigeria - where has he got the numbers from? How Kentucky UPS plane crash unfolded and what could have caused it Aviation analysts say the disaster, which left 12 people dead, may have
been caused by engine failure Democrats hit back and a winning message - four election night takeaways It was an encouraging night for the Democratic Party who scored some decisive wins. Here's what we learned. Latest updates Just now Gunshots end months-long Canadian ostrich cull saga that captivated RFK Jr The fate of more than 300 birds in Canada had become a cross-border political cause. Just now 46 mins ago Watch: 'This is not good' - Airline travellers react to flight reductions Airports are grappling with air traffic controller shortages during the federal government shutdown. 46 mins ago 4 hrs ago Republican Rep Elise Stefanik announces run for New York governor She has been a Trump ally, emerging as one of his most vocal supporters during his first impeachment in 2019. 4 hrs ago 5 hrs ago These 40 US airports may face flight cuts due to government shutdown Flights will be cancelled at the busiest hubs in the US, and some major airlines are offering passengers refunds or flight changes at no cost. 5 hrs ago 11 hrs ago Multiple people fall ill after package delivered to Air Force One base The building the package was opened in was evacuated and those taken ill were found to be stable. 11 hrs ago 16 hrs ago Texas sues Roblox for 'putting paedophiles and profits' over safety Roblox said it is "disappointed" that it is being sued based on "misrepresentations and sensationalised claims". 16 hrs ago 16 hrs ago Buoyed by election wins, Democrats still face tough choices to regain power A year after a painful election defeat, the Democratic Party stands at a fork in the road. 16 hrs ago 17 hrs ago Harry apologises to Canada for wearing LA Dodgers cap during World Series Critics had said he disrespected the commonwealth and the only Canadian team in Major League Baseball. 17 hrs ago 17 hrs ago Busiest US airports to cut thousands of flights due to government shutdown Flight capacity will be cut at major airports as air traffic controllers report issues with fatigue amid staff shortages. 17 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 4 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/uk
News News UK UK Politics England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Algerian man mistakenly released from HMP Wandsworth arrested Brahim Kaddour-Cherif was one of two men let out in error from the prison within a week. 3 hrs ago London Woman guilty of harassing Madeleine McCann's parents Kate and Gerry McCann say, despite the guilty verdict, they "take no pleasure in the result." 4 hrs ago Leicestershire British man jailed after trying to spy for Russia Howard Phillips's ex-wife said he dreamt of being like James Bond and was infatuated with MI6. 5 hrs ago Essex Chance meeting at corner shop unites son with father Oliver Archer had wanted to find his dad his whole life. That changed when he went to a corner shop. 2 hrs ago London Ex-footballer Joey Barton guilty over 'offensive' X posts The former footballer directed posts on X towards Jeremy Vine and pundits Lucy Ward and Eni Aluko. 1 hr ago Liverpool Six officers face misconduct hearing over triple death crash A group of five people were reported missing before being found in a crashed car two days later. 2 hrs ago Wales Maccabi fan ban was due to hooliganism, say police West Midlands Police did not previously reveal its reasons because "it wasn't deemed helpful". 2 hrs ago Birmingham & Black Country Davey wants to 'work with government' on electoral reform The Liberal Democrat leader backs replacing first-past-the-post with proportional representation. ITV in talks to sell television business to Sky The talks focus on ITV's free-to-air channels as well as its streaming service, ITV X. Government recovers £74m from asylum hotel firms The amount recouped remains a small percentage of the overall cost of asylum accommodation. Two arrests after baby killed in XL bully dog attack The nine-month-old baby boy died at the scene in south-east Wales on Sunday evening. NHS worker wins £4m house in Surrey Hills Alistair Walker found out he had won the house on Halloween, calling it "the best treat ever'. Watch/Listen 'She was always apologising', John Cleese pays tribute to co-star Prunella Scales The actor was on the BBC Breakfast sofa where he spoke about his on-screen wife, Prunella Scales, who died last week. Catching the American fugitive who faked his own death Convicted sex offender Nicholas Rossi assumed a new identity and fled to Scotland to escape justice. 'Do you want to die?' - Train attack victim describes confrontation with alleged attacker Stephen Crean was among those injured in a knife attack on a train in Cambridgeshire on Saturday evening. 'There's a weather photograph anywhere you can be proud of' Damien Walmsley has been a BBC Weather Watcher for a decade. Features & analysis UK records warmest ever Bonfire night - when will November temperatures finally drop? After the UK's warmest ever Bonfire Night, Helen Willetts looks at how long the mild November weather will last. Trauma and Trespasses in new Gillian Anderson Troubles drama Based on Louise Kennedy's novel, the Channel 4 drama looks at forbidden love in 1975 Holywood. How many prisoners have been released by mistake? The accidental release of two prisoners from Wandsworth Prison in the last week has put a spotlight on the Ministry of Justice, following the release of Hadush Kebatu in error last month. A 20-minute date with a Tinder predator destroyed my life for years Nadia said the abuse started after she ended their date early because of "red flags". Ex-England goalkeeper Mary Earps's book has caused a stir - how could it impact the Lionesses? Mary Earps' comments in her autobiography have caused a stir but what has the fallout been? More from the UK Woman guilty of harassing Madeleine McCann's parents Kate and Gerry McCann say, despite the guilty verdict, they "take no pleasure in the result." Little-Pengelly turns down Irish presidential inauguration invite Northern Ireland's deputy first minister says she is unable to attend Catherine Connolly's inauguration due to Remembrance Day commitments. Lose weight or lose your jobs, offshore workers told Thousands of offshore workers are too heavy for the limitations of helicopter winch systems. Six officers face misconduct hearing over triple death crash A group of five people were reported missing before being found in a crashed car two days later. Latest updates 5 hrs ago Wandsworth prison manhunt: What we know about mistakenly released inmates Two men are back in custody after being released from HMP Wandsworth in error. 5 hrs ago 7 hrs ago Fraud most common finance complaint, report finds The Channel Islands Financial Ombudsman says more than a quarter of its cases concerned fraud. 7 hrs ago 7 hrs ago Baby set for US heart operation after £1.5m raised Ollie will travel to California to have the procedure on 23 January. 7 hrs ago 10 hrs ago Democrats in US Congress ask Andrew to appear for questioning over Epstein links The panel, which does not have the power to subpoena Andrew, made the request  as part of its investigation into Jeffrey Epstein. 10 hrs ago 13 hrs ago Gas firms call for energy profits levy overhaul The levy on oil and gas profits ends in 2030 with the government exploring what might follow it. 13 hrs ago 13 hrs ago Jersey skin cancer rate 'higher than Guernsey' Report shows non melanoma skin cancer is the most common type of cancer across the Channel Islands. 13 hrs ago 1 day ago King officially strips Andrew of prince title The action was previously announced, and the official record now shows it has taken place. 1 day ago 1 day ago Record referrals to Prevent anti-terror programme The number of referrals to the scheme increased 27% in the year to March 2025, according to new data. 1 day ago 2 days ago Watch: BBC reporter confronts man at centre of illegal worker network The BBC's Ed Thomas confronted Kardos Mateen, who is at the centre of an illegal worker network. 2 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 5 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/politics
News News UK UK Politics England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Stand-off over £800,000 Your Party membership fees Your Party officials accuse Zarah Sultana of withholding funds despite publicly agreeing to transfer the money. 1 hr ago Politics Labour should stick to manifesto pledge on tax, deputy leader says The government has repeatedly refused to rule out increasing income tax in this month's Budget. 21 hrs ago Politics Government recovers £74m from asylum hotel firms The amount recouped remains a small percentage of the overall cost of asylum accommodation. 20 hrs ago Politics Betting firms 'scaremongering' over tax rises, say MPs Rachel Reeves has suggested that she could increase taxes on online bets in the budget. 19 hrs ago Business Social housing funding pledge of more than £1.5bn The government says regional mayors will have the power to decide where the homes will be built. 2 hrs ago England Minister broke rules over football watchdog appointment A report finds she should have declared David Kogan's donations to her Labour campaign earlier than she did. 22 hrs ago Davey wants to 'work with government' on electoral reform The Liberal Democrat leader backs replacing first-past-the-post with proportional representation. 13 hrs ago Politics PM 'angry and frustrated' at mistaken prisoner releases Algerian sex offender Brahim Kaddour-Cherif is still at large but fraudster Billy Smith hands himself back in. Reform school taxi letter used as 'political football' The council leader answered questions on home to school transport in BBC CWR's hot seat on Friday. COP30: World leaders take aim at Trump for climate inaction World leaders address COP30 climate summit in Belém and take aim at Trump record on climate change. Bank says inflation has 'peaked' as it holds interest rates Rates are left unchanged after a tight vote ahead of the Budget later this month. EV drivers could face new tax in Budget The BBC understands there have been "conversations" within government about the possibility of a new levy on EVs. Features and analysis Chris Mason: The justice system is failing - the buck stops with Lammy Problems in the prisons and the courts are not new but they are growing and the government doesn't have a grip on them. Chris Mason: Could Reeves break a 50-year taboo by raising income tax in her Budget? It is more than half a century since a chancellor chose to put up the basic rate of income tax. What a UK government led by Reform would really look like What the party's first six months at the helm at local level shows about how they govern - and whether they can keep their promises Will Bank of England governor play Santa or Scrooge on interest rates? The interest rate decision was made by the narrowest of margins, meaning all eyes are now on the Bank's December meeting. 'Taxes are going up' - BBC decodes Reeves's pre-Budget speech Henry Zeffman analyses what may be in the chancellor's upcoming budget plans. From our Political Editor Chris Mason The justice system is failing - the buck stops with Lammy Problems in the prisons and the courts are not new but they are growing and the government doesn't have a grip on them. Could Reeves break a 50-year taboo by raising income tax in her Budget? It is more than half a century since a chancellor chose to put up the basic rate of income tax. As crises pile up, can the Home Office be fixed? The government confronts a cluster of catastrophes, all linked to small boat crossings. Will Lucy Powell's win turn things around for Labour? Chris Mason looks at what Lucy Powell's return to frontline politics might mean for Labour. Chris Mason: Extraordinary Caerphilly by-election humbles Westminster's big beasts Plaid Cymru win 47% of the vote in a record turnout, while Labour and the Tories manage just 13% between them. BBC InDepth What a UK government led by Reform would really look like What the party's first six months at the helm at local level shows about how they govern - and whether they can keep their promises The battle is on for the Conservatives to show they matter As the party's annual conference begins, there are reasons for the current leadership to be gloomy, writes Laura Kuenssberg. How much trouble is Labour in - and is the PM the right man for the job? Ahead of Labour's annual conference, Laura Kuenssberg talks to ministers, MPs and advisers about Starmer's position. Nick Robinson: How the simmering row over freedom of speech in the UK reached boiling point How did we reach a point where the UK is being compared to a 'tin pot Third World dictatorship'? Trump's state visit is mired with potential pitfalls despite careful planning Months of preparations have gone into this state visit - but the Lord Mandelson question is not the only concern troubling insiders. Watch/Listen Reform UK school taxi letter used as 'political football' Council leader George Finch answered questions on home-to-school transport on BBC CWR on Friday. Watch: US election night's big winners… in 90 seconds Zohran Mamdani, who will become New York City's youngest mayor since 1892, said in his victory speech that his win was a 'mandate for change'. 'Taxes are going up' - BBC decodes Reeves's pre-Budget speech Henry Zeffman analyses what may be in the chancellor's upcoming budget plans. Why is there a no confidence motion in the education minister? Paul Givan responds to criticism after visiting a school in Israel. Panorama Panorama investigates the 'PayPal Mafia' and their influence on Trump’s rise to president.

## 6 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/england
News News UK UK Politics England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Woman guilty of harassing Madeleine McCann's parents Kate and Gerry McCann say, despite the guilty verdict, they "take no pleasure in the result." 4 hrs ago Leicestershire Ex-footballer Joey Barton guilty over 'grossly offensive' X posts The former footballer directed posts on X towards Jeremy Vine and pundits Lucy Ward and Eni Aluko. 1 hr ago Liverpool Watch: Shoplifter's getaway foiled by chief constable Sir Stephen Watson spotted the thief and thwarted his escape. 6 hrs ago Manchester NHS worker wins £4m Omaze house in Surrey Alistair Walker found out he had won the house on Halloween, calling it "the best treat ever'. 6 hrs ago Surrey Former sergeant's sexual assault sentence condemned Two charities say more needs to be done to help victims of sexual assault. 3 hrs ago England Chance meeting at corner shop unites son with father Oliver Archer had wanted to find his dad his whole life. That changed when he went to a corner shop. 2 hrs ago London Mum haunted by son's death in drink-drive crash Tracey Venison says she still wakes up hoping "it's not real", 16 months after her son died. 2 hrs ago Sussex Maccabi fan ban was due to hooliganism, say police West Midlands Police did not previously reveal its reasons because "it wasn't deemed helpful". Postmasters angered by 'postboxes of the future' Hundreds backed a campaign to save the traditional postbox in a Berkshire village. Man guilty of setting 'Home Alone-style' traps at drug den Ian Claughton and ex-wife Lesley, from Grimethorpe, are convicted of drugs and firearms offences. 'Singing is a nice way to let go of your feelings' Brenda, who has sickle cell anaemia, will be part of the BBC Children in Need Choir on 14 November. Police 'stunned' by van passenger on garden chair Essex Police says eight passengers were in the rear of the van without seatbelts on. Stories to make you smile Dangling fox released back into the wild The fox was taken to the Wildlife Aid Foundation in Leatherhead for a check-up and then released. Lady mayor wants to 'un-square the Square Mile' Women who previously held the role were called lord mayors, so Dame Sue is the first lady mayor. Farming boy aims to swap sheep shearing for F1 Tom, from Louth, is aiming to follow in the footsteps of Formula 1 driver Lando Norris. Features & Analysis 'He murdered our parents then took us to McDonald's' After killing Josh and Chloe Bashford, Derek Martin met the couple's children and took them out for a meal. Why this woman believed she was Madeleine McCann - and what she did next Julia Wandelt began "telling anyone who would listen" she was the missing child in June 2022. 'My son is not the same after bonfire burns accident' Hunter, 12, is still recovering after being engulfed in flames when boy threw petrol onto a fire. 'I'll read this story to my dad every day' Lifelong Hull City fan Owen Griffiths, who has Alzheimer's disease, was invited for a VIP tour. 'I saw the crash that killed my wife and son' Billy Boyack was driving behind his wife and son's car when it was hit head-on. Watch/Listen Car narrowly misses pupils and lollipop woman Drivers face penalties including points on their licence or mandatory speed awareness courses. 1 day ago Beds, Herts & Bucks 'It's on the wonk and covered in brown': Town ridicules its Christmas tree Passers-by criticise the fir's many browning needles, with one man saying it looks "a bit dead". 1 day ago Cambridgeshire Video shows striking 110,000-poppy display on pier Donated crocheted poppies run the entire 1.33-mile (2.14km) length of the seaside structure. 2 days ago Essex Greg James takes to skies with Red Arrows Pudsey Bear challenges Radio 1's Greg James to raise money for disadvantaged children in the UK. 3 days ago Lincolnshire Spade-wielding man tackled by member of public Footage showing the moment Jamie Birks was wrestled to the ground has been released by police. 2 days ago Derbyshire Sport Osmajic gets nine-game ban for racially abusing Hannibal Preston forward Milutin Osmajic is given a nine-game ban after being charged with racially abusing Burnley midfielder Hannibal Mejbri. Norris heads Piastri in Sao Paulo practice Lando Norris pips McLaren team-mate and title rival Oscar Piastri to the fastest time at the very end of practice at the Sao Paulo Grand Prix. From non-league to England call-up - who is 'Guernsey Grealish' Scott? From the eighth tier of English football to the England squad - who is new Three Lions call-up Alex Scott? Guardiola in disbelief at numbers before 1,000th game Pep Guardiola says he cannot believe the numbers he has achieved before taking charge of his 1,000th game in management when Man City host Liverpool in the Premier League on Sunday. Latest updates 20 mins ago Pub bid to scrap plastic cups and use glasses Durham Police is against the reintroduction of glasses citing previous attacks. 20 mins ago 2 hrs ago Social housing funding pledge of more than £1.5bn The government says regional mayors will have the power to decide where the homes will be built. 2 hrs ago 2 hrs ago No inquest into death of boy, 12, at SnowDome Louis Watkiss died at the SnowDome in Tamworth in 2021 during a tobogganing party with friends. 2 hrs ago 2 hrs ago Sneezing driver who killed pedestrian avoids jail A court hears the driver's vision was impeded but he did not stop or slow down. 2 hrs ago 3 hrs ago Man jailed over illegal cigarettes and tobacco Michael Addison was caught in Kidlington with illegal tobacco products in his car. 3 hrs ago 3 hrs ago Tram fares set to increase in new year The West Midlands Combined Authority board is asked to approve the rises on 14 November. 3 hrs ago 3 hrs ago Ex-sergeant's sexual assault sentence condemned Two charities say more needs to be done to help victims of sexual assault. 3 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Apple TV role was 'dream come true' for local Connor Raithby was asked to appear in a pivotal scene in the show's first episode 4 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Couple jailed over trafficking and prostitution Costel Tambac and Marianna Iova moved their victims across the UK, Leeds Crown Court hears. 4 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 7 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/northern_ireland
News News N. Ireland N. Ireland Politics Little-Pengelly turns down Irish presidential inauguration invite Northern Ireland's deputy first minister says she is unable to attend Catherine Connolly's inauguration due to Remembrance Day commitments. 2 hrs ago Northern Ireland Politics Extremists threatened to attack a mosque and migrant hotels, court hears Garrett Pollock, 35, from Annalong, County Down, and Karolis Peckauskas, 38, from Drogheda, County Louth, appeared before a special court sitting. 35 mins ago Car burnt out in racially-motivated hate crime It happened in the Irish Green Street area of the town in the early hours of Friday, police say. 1 hr ago Northern Ireland Infants' remains found at Tuam site excavation Excavators say it will take time to determine if the remains date from the time of a former mother-and-baby home at Tuam. 7 hrs ago Europe Woman given suspended sentence over death of ex-rugby player David Tweed died when his motorcycle was involved in a collision with a car in County Antrim in 2021. 6 hrs ago Northern Ireland PSNI pay deal possible before end of year, says Long The justice minister was speaking after the health minister announced he has been given approval to award pay parity to healthcare workers. 3 hrs ago Northern Ireland Politics Man dies after being struck by car The man was pronounced dead at the scene following a collision near Grange Lane on Thursday. 7 hrs ago Northern Ireland Lyra McKee murder accused denied pub job bail change Jordan Devine, from Londonderry, is charged with murdering Ms McKee on 18 April 2019. Bridge could reopen before Christmas under new plans The ongoing closure of Kilrea Bridge is affecting trade in the County Londonderry village. Trauma and Trespasses in new Gillian Anderson Troubles drama Based on Louise Kennedy's novel, the Channel 4 drama looks at forbidden love in 1975 Holywood. Knitters create thousands of poppies to mark Remembrance Day Displays of military uniforms, diaries and medals are among the ways Ahoghill and Richhill are marking Remembrance Day. Why is a council paying businesses to let the public use their toilets? The scheme is the only one of its kind in Northern Ireland, with businesses receiving £300 to £800 per year. Features & Analysis Town takes on Amazon with 'our version of Black Friday' Ballymena Discount Day runs from 9:00 GMT - 21:00 on Thursday, with more than 80 businesses offering promotions. Pavement parking 'a daily problem' as officials push ahead with ban A man with a visual impairment speaks of his anger at the daily obstacles created by drivers parking on pavements. 'A hike in school meal prices could leave families struggling' The cost of a school dinner for primary and special school pupils will go up by 50p from £2.60 to £3.10. A good upstart: Feargal Sharkey talks protesting, polls and border smuggling Feargal Sharkey appears in the latest edition of the Borderland - UK or United Ireland? podcast which focuses on campaigning. Foyle & West Government freezes assets linked to New IRA It is also imposing sanctions on Kieran Gallagher, from Londonderry, who it believes is involved in terrorist activity. Meenan Square regeneration plan gets green light The site has been used for a controversial bonfire in Londonderry's Bogside in recent years. Eastwood has pro-Palestine rally charge dropped The Foyle MP had been charged, along with others, with taking part in an illegal procession in Derry last year. Man killed in suspected hit-and-run was retired teacher Patrick Flanagan, 69, died in hospital after being found injured in Dungiven in the early hours of Sunday morning. Listen: North West Today A round-up of local news, sport and weather across the north west of Northern Ireland. Republic of Ireland Two men arrested after fire at asylum accommodation Gardaí commenced an investigation into the alleged attempted arson of the property in Drogheda, County Louth. Hurling star DJ Carey jailed over fake cancer claims Former Kilkenny hurler is jailed for five-and-a-half years for defrauding people by falsely claiming he had cancer. Man denies murdering pensioner in street robbery Peter Augustine is accused of attacking and murdering John Mackey, 87, in Manor House on 6 May 2025. Irish government could charge asylum seekers for accommodation Asylum seekers who are working may be charged up to €238 (£208) per week to cover the cost of their accommodation. President leads tributes to Irish campaigner and advocate Sister Stan In 1985, the Kerry native founded the charity known today as Focus Ireland which supports the homeless across Ireland. More BBC News NI on iPlayer & Sounds Good Morning Ulster Wake up to Good Morning Ulster and get all the news and analysis from home and abroad. The Nolan Show Breaking news and hard-hitting talk about the big stories of the day. Talkback Highlights from Talkback. William Crawley and guests discuss the news headlines. Evening Extra All the day’s news and analysis with Richard Morgan. BBC Newsline The latest news for Northern Ireland. The State of Us Tara Mills and Declan Harvey react and reflect on news stories in a BBC NI podcast. Red Lines The back-stop’s here? Bad puns with top political coverage from BBC Northern Ireland. The View Mark Carruthers provides comment and expert analysis on the week's political news Spotlight Hard-hitting investigations on the stories that matter in Northern Ireland. Sunday Politics Northern Ireland Mark Carruthers with the latest political news, interviews and debate. Latest updates 1 hr ago Car burnt out in racially-motivated hate crime It happened in the Irish Green Street area of the town in the early hours of Friday, police say. 1 hr ago 1 hr ago Lyra McKee murder accused denied pub job bail change Jordan Devine, from Londonderry, is charged with murdering Ms McKee on 18 April 2019. 1 hr ago 2 hrs ago Bridge could reopen before Christmas under new plans The ongoing closure of Kilrea Bridge is affecting trade in the County Londonderry village. 2 hrs ago 2 hrs ago Trauma and Trespasses in new Troubles drama 2 hrs ago 6 hrs ago Woman given suspended sentence over death of ex-rugby player David Tweed died when his motorcycle was involved in a collision with a car in County Antrim in 2021. 6 hrs ago 7 hrs ago Man dies after being struck by car The man was pronounced dead at the scene following a collision near Grange Lane on Thursday. 7 hrs ago 11 hrs ago Community scheme addresses lack of public toilets It pays local businesses, such as shops and cafes, to let the public use their toilets for free. 11 hrs ago 13 hrs ago Knitters create thousands of poppies to mark Remembrance Day Displays of military uniforms, diaries and medals are among the ways Ahoghill and Richhill are marking Remembrance Day. 13 hrs ago 13 hrs ago Trauma and Trespasses in new Gillian Anderson Troubles drama Based on Louise Kennedy's novel, the Channel 4 drama looks at forbidden love in 1975 Holywood. 13 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 8 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/northern_ireland/northern_ireland_politics
News News N. Ireland N. Ireland Politics Little-Pengelly turns down Irish presidential inauguration invite Northern Ireland's deputy first minister says she is unable to attend Catherine Connolly's inauguration due to Remembrance Day commitments. 2 hrs ago Northern Ireland Politics PSNI pay deal possible before end of year, says Long The justice minister was speaking after the health minister announced he has been given approval to award pay parity to healthcare workers. 3 hrs ago Northern Ireland Politics Guidance for businesses on NI's post-Brexit trade deal 'not fit for purpose' The panel said information was "poorly presented, unwieldy and needs to be significantly improved". 2 days ago Northern Ireland Politics MLAs told cooperation over environment agency is 'crucial' Andrew Muir says assembly members should "put their money where their mouth is" and support the plan for an independent environment agency. 3 days ago Northern Ireland Politics Backdated health workers' pay award to go ahead, says minister A pay offer aimed at avoiding industrial action by healthcare workers has been made by the Department of Health. 1 day ago Northern Ireland 'Sinister attack' on Alliance headquarters 'tried to incite fear' It was reported on Wednesday that graffiti had been sprayed onto external windows, door shutters and a fence. 1 day ago Northern Ireland Stormont choices 'may add to funding pressures', says Benn Hilary Benn refused to be drawn on whether the Budget later this month would involve tax rises. 2 days ago Northern Ireland Politics Any tax increase must be 'fair and progressive' UK Chancellor Rachel Reeves refuses to rule out rises, saying she will make the "necessary choices". Israel trip given 'clean bill of health', minister says Stormont's Education Minister Paul Givan continues to face criticism over his six-day tour of Israel. Council vote no confidence in education minister after walking out The motion proposed by Sinn Féin councillor Caoimhín McCann was approved by 40 votes to 15. Education minister says he has been 'vilified' over Israel trip The DUP says Paul Givan is "going nowhere" after PBP submit a no confidence motion which is backed by Sinn Féin and the SDLP. Education minister's Israel trip a 'propaganda mission', say Alliance Nick Mathison says there is "questionable judgement" around Paul Givan attending the trip, due to it being paid for by Israel.

## 9 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/scotland
News News Scotland Scotland Politics Lose weight or lose your jobs, offshore workers told Thousands of offshore workers are too heavy for the limitations of helicopter winch systems. 6 hrs ago Scotland Bus driver who watched porn on school run sentenced to unpaid work David Robe watched pornography on his phone while picking up and dropping off pupils in the Scottish Borders. 4 hrs ago South Scotland Man charged for exploiting youths over £50,000 of alcohol thefts Alcohol worth £50,000 was shoplifted by young people exploited by criminals, Police Scotland's retail crime taskforce says. 2 hrs ago Glasgow & West Scotland Woman accused of murdering aunt may not face trial Louise Markson, 51, is charged with killing Susan Sergison at a property in Hamilton in January. 5 hrs ago Glasgow & West Scotland Man, 66, injured after being hit by tram in Edinburgh Emergency services closed off Constitution Street in Leith after the incident on Friday afternoon. 2 hrs ago Edinburgh, Fife & East A 20-minute date with a Tinder predator destroyed my life for years Nadia said the abuse started after she ended their date early because of "red flags". 13 hrs ago Glasgow & West Scotland Drink driver hit three people with car after leaving nightclub Christopher Parry was more than four times over the limit when he got behind the wheel after leaving Purple nightclub in Buckie. 5 hrs ago NE, Orkney & Shetland Your pictures of Scotland A selection of photographs submitted to BBC Scotland News from around the country this week. Calvin Harris adds second homecoming show at Hampden Park The two gigs mark his first Scottish shows since he headlined the TRNSMT festival in Glasgow in 2024. Man's body found three days after he was last seen The 52-year-old's body was discovered near a cycle path just south of the Ballachulish roundabout on Thursday. Designs unveiled for Nelson Mandela statue in Glasgow Five models will be on display in Glasgow City Chambers until 14 November for viewing by the public Driver killed in Langholm crash named by police Pick-up truck driver Sam Cropper died at the scene of the crash on the A7 on Tuesday. Features and analysis How Scottish parties will try to maximise election votes in six months Opinion polls point to a fifth SNP victory - but a lot could change in six months with parties working flat out for votes. Where is The Celebrity Traitors castle and can I ride the train? Ardross Castle in the Highlands has links to a controversial duke and Worcestershire sauce. Scotcast: Climate change and the culture wars And how to spot a liar ahead of the Celebrity Traitors finale. 'Scotland's oldest bakery' up for sale after 200 years Barry and Claire Taylor are the sixth generation to run Scotland's oldest bakery in Strathaven, South Lanarkshire. How Scotland shaped Frankenstein on page and screen The latest film of the classic tale uses Scottish locations which inspired director Guillermo Del Toro. News from around Scotland Man, 66, injured after being hit by tram in Edinburgh Emergency services closed off Constitution Street in Leith after the incident on Friday afternoon. Plans for 145-plot allotment in Inverness approved The charity behind the plans is also in the final stages taking over the land needed for the project. Lose weight or lose your jobs, offshore workers told Thousands of offshore workers are too heavy for the limitations of helicopter winch systems. Bus driver who watched porn on school run sentenced to unpaid work David Robe watched pornography on his phone while picking up and dropping off pupils in the Scottish Borders. Stone of Destiny fragments history revealed The pieces were separated from the artefact when it was repaired after its removal from Westminster Abbey in 1950 Sport 'I am doing OK. I have my moments... I have lost my daughter' Greenock Morton manager Dougie Imrie tells BBC Scotland about the loss he feels after losing his baby daughter and the support shown him by the Scottish football community. 'I tapped him' - Trusty responds to Butland concerns Rangers' Jack Butland finds it "difficult to accept" the decision not to send off Auston Trusty in Sunday's Scottish League Cup semi-final, while the Celtic defender insists he merely "tapped" the goalkeeper. Norrie into Metz final with another comeback win Great Britain's Cameron Norrie fights back from a set down to win for the third match in succession, beating Lorenzo Sonego to reach the Moselle Open final. Can Hearts ramp up pressure? Eyes on Congreve & Askou Another look at what's in store over the weekend in the Scottish Premiership. New Rangers dawn as far away as ever in European Groundhog Day Rangers' resurrection under new regime still feels a pipe dream after latest European defeat, writes BBC Scotland's Scott Mullen. More news on iPlayer and Sounds Reporting Scotland Big stories from across the country Scotcast The BBC's Scottish news podcast. Reporting Scotland: News at Seven More from the day’s top stories and communities across Scotland. Good Morning Scotland The nation's morning news programme. Latest updates 6 hrs ago Lose weight or lose your jobs, offshore workers told Thousands of offshore workers are too heavy for the limitations of helicopter winch systems. 6 hrs ago 7 hrs ago 'Substantial' risk to life from fire in school, report finds The BBC has seen the report which points out issues with fire doors, fire exits and the storage of combustibles at Lenzie Academy. 7 hrs ago 7 hrs ago Your pictures of Scotland: 31 October to 7 November A selection of photographs submitted to BBC Scotland News from around the country this week. 7 hrs ago 11 hrs ago Scotland's papers: Pupil terror watchlist and fireworks fears A review of the front page stories from the daily newspapers in Scotland. 11 hrs ago 13 hrs ago Cash prize to boost new art talent in Jack Vettriano's memory An award of £7,500 will boost the career of a new talent following in his footsteps.
The £7,500 prize will be given to an artist without any formal training through the Royal Scottish Academy 13 hrs ago 23 hrs ago 'Notable reduction' in Bonfire Night disruption Police say between Halloween and Bonfire Night, 833 calls needed a local or specialist response, almost 500 fewer than last year. 23 hrs ago 1 day ago Meet the All Black named after William Wallace New Zealand back row Wallace Sititi needs little education on Scotland. After all, he is named after one of the country's great historical figures, William Wallace. 1 day ago 1 day ago Record number of referrals made to anti-terrorism scheme Some 162 reports were made to Prevent, and extreme right-wing concerns made up the largest proportion. 1 day ago 1 day ago Why is land reform on the agenda in Scotland? MSPs are set to vote on legislation which could allow the government to intervene in private land sales. 1 day ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 10 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/scotland/scotland_politics
News News Scotland Scotland Politics How Scottish parties will try to maximise election votes in six months Opinion polls point to a fifth SNP victory - but a lot could change in six months with parties working flat out for votes. 13 hrs ago Scotland Politics Scottish government reveals plan to reach net zero targets by 2045 The route map includes targets to decarbonise building heat systems and phase out new petrol and diesel cars. 1 day ago Scotland Politics MSPs pass land reform which could force break up of huge estates The legislation is designed to help reduce the concentration of rural land ownership among a small number of people. 2 days ago Scotland Politics Why the battle still rages over land ownership in Scotland The reaction to the Scottish government's wide-ranging new laws show the divided opinions on the issue. 2 days ago Scotland Swinney does not rule out tax hikes in Scotland The first minister was urged to give a "cast-iron" guarantee that he would not increase rates in the Budget. 1 day ago Scotland Politics Ministers to order investigation into maternity services The decision follows a BBC Disclosure documentary which heard calls for urgent action to improve safety. 1 day ago Scotland Politics Record number of referrals made to anti-terrorism scheme Some 162 reports were made to Prevent, and extreme right-wing concerns made up the largest proportion. 1 day ago Scotland Mental health, buses and school meals - issues that matter to first-time voters Teenagers who could vote for the first time next year put politicians through their paces at an event in Dumfries. Fire safety law named in memory of Cameron House victims The Cameron House fire at Loch Lomond claimed the lives of London couple Simon Midgley and Richard Dyson in December 2017. Police funding warning as reports of online child abuse doubles Police Scotland Chief Constable Jo Farrell said the national force received 1,500 reports in 2024-25 compared to 700 in the previous 12 months. Ex-police officer says Sheku Bayoh attack turned world 'upside down' Former PC Nicole Short was speaking as the first minister was criticised for agreeing to speak to Sheku Bayoh's family. Scottish MP wants Elon Musk's chatbot shut down over claim he enabled grooming gangs SNP MP Pete Wishart says he is seeking legal advice over the "disturbing" AI-generated social media post. Features and analysis Why is land reform on the agenda in Scotland? MSPs are set to vote on legislation which could allow the government to intervene in private land sales. Sabotage, betrayal, secrecy... and recycling How a £50m court case over Scotland's deposit return scheme turned into a political blockbuster. A bridge, 130 convictions and a 30-year fight: The tolls that made criminals of islanders More than 100 people received criminal convictions after refusing to pay tolls on the Skye Bridge. Why is the government being sued for £170m over a recycling scheme? A waste management firm has launched legal action over a beleaguered bottle return plan. Is the Scottish government softening on oil and gas? Has John Swinney shifted the Scottish government away from a "presumption against" new oil and gas?

## 11 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/wales
News News Wales Wales Politics Six officers face misconduct hearing over triple death crash A group of five people were reported missing before being found in a crashed car two days later. 2 hrs ago Wales Two arrests after baby killed in XL bully dog attack The nine-month-old baby boy died at the scene in south-east Wales on Sunday evening. 7 hrs ago Wales Rugby club 'gutted' after floodlights stolen in series of thefts It is the latest in a series of thefts in Flintshire, with police carrying out "targeted patrols". 4 hrs ago Wales Amy Dowden rests and watches Traitors after second mastectomy Welsh dance star Amy Dowden shares an update with fans after undergoing a second mastectomy. 9 hrs ago Wales Luke Evans leads 'gripping' new drama filmed in Wales Filming for The Party, which is based on the 2017 book by Elizabeth Day, has started. 1 hr ago Wales More than 100 Aston Martin jobs 'at risk' in St Athan The company blames losses on US tariffs imposed by Donald Trump and weak demand from China. 3 hrs ago Wales William puts flood-hit Welsh town in COP spotlight Prince William tells world leaders climate change 'is not a distant threat' recalling floods in Pontypridd. 6 hrs ago Wales Botox was like going for coffee - but I had no idea if it was genuine Rules about administering drugs such as Botox and Mounjaro have not kept up, says Wales' regulator. Musician's 'wild 10 days' co-writing Lily Allen album Singer-songwriter Violet Skies has co-written six songs on Lily Allen's album, including Madeline. Three in court over child killer's death in prison Mark Fellows, Lee Newell and David Taylor are charged with murdering Kyle Bevan at HMP Wakefield. 'Secret' underground energy could heat every home in capital city Untapped underground energy could have potentially huge implications for Cardiff's 124,000 homes. The Witcher stars stranded on boat as bomb found The stars of the Netflix fantasy drama say they were told not to panic and later heard a loud bang. Features & analysis Actor Paul Whitehouse's 'pride' in Welsh roots The comedian visited Wales with fellow comedian Bob Mortimer in their TV show Gone Fishing. My one-year-old eats books, toys, tables and even his cot Junior has a condition called pica that makes him crave and eat inedible objects. Traitors star is 'grateful for abnormal anatomy' A very rare condition led to an important diagnosis after years of pain for The Traitors star. Meet the 'silver influencers' taking TikTok and Instagram by storm Older women are carving out a niche online for people who want authentic content. The Halloween house that has raised thousands for charity Danny Hargreaves house has become a yearly attraction for people at Christmas and Halloween. Watch/Listen Having 'Botox like going to get a morning coffee' Lizzie Day says having Botox was as much a part of her routine as getting her morning coffee. 13 hrs ago Wales CCTV shows sex attacker follow victim from nightclub Fawaz Alsamaou is warned he is "highly likely" to be deported after serving his sentence. 2 days ago Sir Anthony Hopkins on playing the infamous Hannibal Lecter The Oscar-winning actor sat down with the BBC's Katie Razzall ahead of the release of his auto-biography We did OK, Kid. 4 days ago Lorry driver who blamed fatal crash on cough exposed by dashcam Mariusz Korkosz was driving incorrectly for almost 20 seconds before colliding head-on with a truck. 2 days ago Wales Widespread disruption as Wales hit by flooding Flood warnings are in places across Carmarthenshire, Pembrokeshire and Swansea. 2 days ago Sport Tonmawr's Tandy prepares for Wales coaching debut BBC Sport Wales talks to people who have been part of Steve Tandy's journey from Tonmawr junior to Wales head coach. How persistent Cracknell earned Wales shot at 31 Back row Olly Cracknell is poised to make his Wales debut on Sunday against Argentina aged 31 after being rewarded for his form with Leicester. Carre given Wales start with Rees-Zammit on bench Louis Rees-Zammit and Rhys Carre are primed to make their Test returns against Argentina on Sunday after two years out. 'I share fans' frustrations' - Swans boss Sheehan Head coach Alan Sheehan says he shares fans' frustrations over Swansea City's recent results but insists his team will turn their form around. 'Edge' between Wrexham and Charlton - Parkinson Phil Parkinson admits there is an "edge" between Wrexham and Charlton Athletic as a result of the battles they had in League One last season. Stories from Cymru Fyw Marwolaethau Llaneirwg: Chwe swyddog i wynebu camau disgyblu Bu farw tri o bobl ifanc mewn gwrthdrawiad ar gyrion Caerdydd ym mis Mawrth 2023. Galw am graffu ar gyfrifoldebau llywodraethwyr ysgolion wedi achos Foden Galw am fwy o gefnogaeth ac i edrych eto ar gyfrifoldebau llywodraethwyr ysgolion yng Nghymru, yn sgil achos Neil Foden. Arestio dau mewn cysylltiad â marwolaeth babi wedi ymosodiad ci Dau o bobl wedi eu harestio ar amheuaeth o fod yn gyfrifol am gi peryglus allan o reolaeth yn dilyn marwolaeth babi naw mis oed yn Sir Fynwy. Anthony Hopkins a'i 'enaid anniddig' Yr actores Rhian Morgan sy'n hel atgofion o'r actor byd-enwog sy'n darllen ei sgriptiau 100 o weithiau. Latest updates 41 mins ago Tonmawr's Tandy prepares for Wales coaching debut BBC Sport Wales talks to people who have been part of Steve Tandy's journey from Tonmawr junior to Wales head coach. 41 mins ago 1 hr ago Luke Evans leads 'gripping' new drama filmed in Wales Filming for The Party, which is based on the 2017 book by Elizabeth Day, has started. 1 hr ago 2 hrs ago Six officers face misconduct hearing over triple death crash A group of five people were reported missing before being found in a crashed car two days later. 2 hrs ago 3 hrs ago More than 100 Aston Martin jobs 'at risk' in St Athan The company blames losses on US tariffs imposed by Donald Trump and weak demand from China. 3 hrs ago 3 hrs ago 'A big day for Tonmawr, a huge day for Wales' Steve Tandy says Sunday will be a proud day for him and the people of his home village Tonmawr, when he has his first game as head coach of Wales against Argentina. 3 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Rugby club 'gutted' after floodlights stolen in series of thefts It is the latest in a series of thefts in Flintshire, with police carrying out "targeted patrols". 4 hrs ago 6 hrs ago William puts flood-hit Welsh town in COP spotlight Prince William tells world leaders climate change 'is not a distant threat' recalling floods in Pontypridd. 6 hrs ago 7 hrs ago Musician's 'wild 10 days' co-writing Lily Allen album Singer-songwriter Violet Skies has co-written six songs on Lily Allen's album, including Madeline. 7 hrs ago 7 hrs ago Two arrests after baby killed in XL bully dog attack The nine-month-old baby boy died at the scene in south-east Wales on Sunday evening. 7 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 11

## 12 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/wales/wales_politics
News News Wales Wales Politics Nato interest in 'lethal' Army vehicle, says minister The UK government says it's confident of allied interest in buying Wales-built Ajax armoured vehicle. 1 day ago Wales Welsh government has budget talk with independent MS A conversation has taken place between Russell George and the government about passing its budget. 1 day ago Wales First Minister's Questions from the Senedd: 4 November 2025 Deputy First Minister Huw Irranca-Davies stands in for Eluned Morgan. Fines of £100 as council bin inspectors check every home's rubbish Council officials have checked the waste of more than 32,000 properties since 2017 to improve recycling. 3 days ago Wales Plastic wrap veg ban 'could mean more food waste' Minister responds to a call to make shops offer fruit and veg loose when less than 1.5kg is bought. 1 day ago Wales Plans to license Airbnb style rentals outlined Self-catering holiday accommodation providers will need a license under Welsh government proposals. 3 days ago Wales Drakeford hopes budget talks help NHS and councils He tells BBC he hopes a "significant slice" from a pot of around £230m goes to "core public services". 3 days ago Wales Lido and promenade part of seafront regeneration plans Proposals for Porthcawl also include new homes, public spaces and a hotel. NHS, housing and councils winners in budget plans But Welsh Labour does not have enough Senedd members to pass it without making a deal. Lack of school child safeguarding criticised by experts No national oversight of child safeguarding reviews in schools since 2018, the Welsh government confirms. Plaid Cymru and SNP discuss forming 'progressive alliance' Rhun ap Iorwerth and John Swinney said they want to give voters a "positive alternative" to Westminster. 'Concern' over exodus of Welsh-speakers to English universities Half of the pupils from Welsh-medium schools who started at university this year have left Wales.

