## 1 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/topics/c2vdnvdg6xxt
News News Israel-Gaza war Israel receives body Hamas says belongs to hostage Confirmation of the remains would mean that only three deceased hostages' bodies now remain in Gaza. 3 hrs ago Middle East Israel has destroyed more than 1,500 buildings in Gaza since ceasefire Entire neighbourhoods controlled by Israel have been levelled in less than a month, the images show. 2 days ago Middle East Israel says body of Lior Rudaeff has been returned from Gaza Lior Rudaeff died defending Nir Yitzhak kibbutz during the Hamas attack on 7 October 2023, the Israeli military said. 5 days ago Middle East Released Israeli hostage says he was sexually assaulted in Gaza captivity In an interview with Israeli TV, Rom Braslavski described how he was stripped naked and tied up by members of Palestinian Islamic Jihad. 6 days ago Middle East Hamas fighters trapped in tunnels present new obstacle to Gaza ceasefire progress Mediators are trying to negotiate the exit of scores of fighters believed to hiding in a southern area of Gaza under Israeli control. 2 days ago World Israel passes first reading of bill proposing death penalty for people it deems terrorists The requirement means the penalty would likely be used only against Palestinians convicted of deadly attacks on Israelis. 2 days ago Middle East Israel receives body of soldier killed in 2014 in Gaza The Israeli military confirmed the soldier's body had been returned from Gaza after 11 years on Sunday. 4 days ago Middle East Analysis The battle over Gaza's future: Why no-one can agree on the rebuild From AI-powered super cities to designs that capture its 'soul and spirit', plans have already been draw up - but political obstacles remain Can the Gaza ceasefire deal survive? Its prospects depend heavily on the continuing engagement of the Trump White House, writes Frank Gardner. Watch: UN official says Gaza ruins 'like Hiroshima' Humanitarian chief Tom Fletcher talk to the BBC about scenes of despair he witnessed on a recent trip to the costal enclave. New images show Israeli control line deeper into Gaza than expected Israel has placed boundary markers up to 520m deeper inside Gaza than expected under the ceasefire deal with Hamas. Bowen: Trump's role in Gaza ceasefire was decisive, but not a roadmap to peace Trump's Middle East visit was a victory lap - but peace does not emerge just because a president decides it. Human stories Inside Gaza, BBC sees total devastation after two years of war With endless rubble and destroyed streets as far as the eye can see, any plans for Gaza's future are a far cry from where it is today, writes Lucy Williamson. Gaza children dying as they wait for Israel to enable evacuations Around 15,000 Gazans are waiting for urgent medical treatment, according to the UN. Gaza doctors struggle to investigate 'signs of torture' on unnamed dead returned by Israel Photographs show bodies with multiple signs of injury and wrists tied behind their backs. UN's top court says Israel obliged to allow UN aid into Gaza The court also says Israel has not substantiated its allegations against the UN agency for Palestinian refugees. 'I'm 89 and I saw my homeland rebuilt before - but now I don't believe Gaza has a future' One Palestinian family shares their story of life coming full circle - and what they believe lies ahead as talk turns to rebuilding Gaza Watch and listen again on iPlayer and Sounds Jeremy Bowen: Chances of peace in the Middle East The BBC's International Editor reflects on the ongoing peace efforts Latest updates 3 hrs ago Israel receives body Hamas says belongs to hostage Confirmation of the remains would mean that only three deceased hostages' bodies now remain in Gaza. 3 hrs ago 1 day ago Gazan babies will die without aid - UN humanitarian chief About 14,000 babies will die in 48 hours if aid does not reach them, a UN humanitarian chief warns. 1 day ago 2 days ago Israel has destroyed more than 1,500 buildings in Gaza since ceasefire Entire neighbourhoods controlled by Israel have been levelled in less than a month, the images show. 2 days ago 2 days ago Hamas fighters trapped in tunnels present new obstacle to Gaza ceasefire progress Mediators are trying to negotiate the exit of scores of fighters believed to hiding in a southern area of Gaza under Israeli control. 2 days ago 2 days ago Israel passes first reading of bill proposing death penalty for people it deems terrorists The requirement means the penalty would likely be used only against Palestinians convicted of deadly attacks on Israelis. 2 days ago 3 days ago British journalist to be freed from US immigration detention Sami Hamdi, a British journalist and outspoken critic of Israel, has been in ICE custody for weeks. 3 days ago 4 days ago Israel receives body of soldier killed in 2014 in Gaza The Israeli military confirmed the soldier's body had been returned from Gaza after 11 years on Sunday. 4 days ago 5 days ago Israel says body of Lior Rudaeff has been returned from Gaza Lior Rudaeff died defending Nir Yitzhak kibbutz during the Hamas attack on 7 October 2023, the Israeli military said. 5 days ago 6 days ago Who are the released hostages? The Israeli military says 20 living hostages have been released by Hamas and have returned to Israel. 6 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 2 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/war-in-ukraine
News News War in Ukraine Fog helps Russian forces push deeper into key Ukrainian city of Pokrovsk A video has gone viral showing Russian soldiers openly driving into the city on civilian cars and motorbikes. 2 days ago Europe Six dead as Russia hits energy and residential sites in Ukraine Overnight, 25 locations including Kyiv were hit, leaving many areas without electricity and heating. 5 days ago Europe South Africans trapped in Donbas after joining Russia-Ukraine war, Ramaphosa says It is unclear whether the citizens were fighting on behalf of Russia or Ukraine. 8 days ago World Zelensky visits troops near embattled front line town of Pokrovsk Fierce battles are taking place in the Donetsk town that Russia has been trying to occupy for over a year. 4 Nov 2025 Europe Ukrainians would like to watch comedies - but for now their culture is defined by war Nearly four years on from Russia's invasion, the arts are back but the war permeates everything. 6 days ago Europe Russian soldier sentenced to life in jail in unprecedented Ukrainian trial In the first ruling of its kind, Dmitry Kurashov was found guilty of killing an unarmed Ukrainian soldier who had surrendered. 7 days ago Europe Why the fall of this city would matter to Ukraine and Russia The battle for Pokrovsk - on a big road and rail artery in the Donetsk region - has been going on for well over a year. 7 days ago Europe  Analysis In Russia's 'blitz' of Ukraine, the question of appeasement is back A large gulf remains between the US and European view of how to end the Ukraine war. What's the significance of US sanctions on Russian oil? The new measures target Moscow's ability to fund its war machine, the US Treasury said. Rosenberg: Trump abandons carrot and wields stick over Putin in Ukraine talks The BBC's Russia editor says Trump's decision to call off his Putin talks and impose oil sanctions will not go down well in Moscow. Why Trump made breakthrough in Gaza but can't with Putin over Ukraine The leaders' cancelled summit is just the latest twist in Trump's efforts to broker an end to the war, writes Anthony Zurcher. How would US Tomahawk missiles change the Ukraine-Russia war? The BBC's Jonathan Beale explains what impact the weapons might have if the US decides to send them to Ukraine. On the ground The 'Heroes of Kharkiv' who saved 48 children from kindergarten hit by Russian drone The story of a dramatic and heroic rescue that has captured the public imagination in Ukraine. Ukrainian city in total blackout after 'massive' Russian assault Across the wider region, four people are reported to have been killed and 10 others injured. Russia intensifies attacks on Ukraine's trains in 'battle for the railways' In the last two months, Russia has hugely upped its attacks on Ukraine's trains and rail network. Indian student captured by Ukraine joined Russian army to avoid drug charges, says mother Gujarat’s Sahil Majothi joined the Russian army to avoid jail over alleged drug charges. The new AI arms race changing the war in Ukraine Both Ukraine and Russia use AI in battle, but removing human decision-making comes with risks. Q&A: Trump's sanctions, Putin's nuclear drills, and Zelensky's poll ratings Your questions answered as the US puts new sanctions on Russian oil companies. Latest updates 11 hrs ago Over 200 Kenyans fighting for Russia in Ukraine - minister Russian recruitment networks are targeting Kenyans with fake job offers, authorities say. 11 hrs ago 16 hrs ago Russia's attacks have ramped up - Ukraine is fighting to hold on through another winter Years of conflict have taken their toll and the war of attrition is continuing on the homefront - but Ukrainians are fighting back hard by trying to keep morale high 16 hrs ago 1 day ago Major corruption scandal engulfs top Zelensky allies The Ukrainian president has called for the justice and energy ministers to be removed from their posts. 1 day ago 2 days ago Funeral of 20-year-old Irish man killed in Ukraine to take place Alex Ryzhuk, who was born in Dublin to Ukrainian parents, had been serving alongside military forces when he went missing and was presumed dead. 2 days ago 2 days ago Fog helps Russian forces push deeper into key Ukrainian city of Pokrovsk A video has gone viral showing Russian soldiers openly driving into the city on civilian cars and motorbikes. 2 days ago 2 days ago Serbia's energy reliance on Russia comes unstuck facing US oil sanctions President Vucic has traded barbs with the Kremlin amid differences over gas supplies and Serbia's arms trade. 2 days ago 3 days ago Nord Stream suspect accuses Italy of pressure to confess Serhiy Kuznetsov is wanted in Germany over the 2022 attack on Russia's Nord Stream gas pipelines. 3 days ago 4 days ago A Kremlin target? Exiled Church man hits back at claims of spying A former leading figure in the Russian Orthodox Church breaks his silence after an ex-aide levels allegations against him. 4 days ago 4 days ago UK to help protect Belgium after suspected Russian drone incursions Sir Richard Knighton, the UK military chief, says his Belgian counterpart requested assistance in the form of personnel and equipment this week. 4 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 3 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/us-canada
News News US & Canada BBC apologises to Trump over Panorama edit but refuses to pay compensation Lawyers for the US president have threatened to sue the corporation for $1bn (£759m). 14 mins ago Culture What we know about new Epstein emails that mention Trump In emails released by Democrats, Epstein says Trump "knew about the girls". The White House says they are an attempt to "smear" the president. 7 hrs ago US & Canada UK billionaire Joe Lewis receives pardon from Trump The businessman, whose family trust owns Tottenham Hotspur, pleaded guilty in 2024 to insider trading as part of a deal with prosecutors. 3 hrs ago US & Canada US justice department sues California over new voting maps favouring Democrats The new maps in California favour Democrats and cancel out gains made by Republicans after they redistricted in Texas. 60 mins ago US & Canada California revoking 17,000 commercial driver's licences given to immigrants The Trump administration is working to keep those in the US illegally from driving trucks and buses. 3 hrs ago US & Canada Trump celebrates as Democrats face fallout from end of shutdown Trump emerges from the shutdown having made little in the way of substantive concessions to Democrats in Congress. 6 hrs ago US & Canada Oklahoma spares death row inmate hours before planned execution Oklahoma Governor Kevin Stitt granted clemency to Tremane Wood, who was convicted for his role in the death of migrant farmworker Ronnie Wipf  in 2002. 29 mins ago US & Canada  Starbucks union workers go on strike over pay and staffing Starbucks workers at 65 unionised US stores walk off the job in protest over pay and staffing. Fifty-year mortgages and $2,000 cheques: What's behind Trump's affordability drive? The US president is increasingly focusing on affordability amid growing public pessimism on the economy. US ends penny-making run after more than 230 years Pennies today cost nearly four cents each to make - more than twice the cost of a decade ago. Watch: Timelapse video shows rare northern lights across the US A strong geomagnetic storm made the northern lights visible across much of the country. Trump signs spending bill to end longest shutdown in US history He signed it into law just hours after the House of Representatives voted 222-209 to approve it. Watch/Listen Watch: Moment the last US penny is minted After more than 230 years, the US ended production of its one-cent coin which today cost nearly four cents each to make. Watch: Trump and Obama honour US troops for Veterans Day The former president surprised nearly 80 veterans of the Korean and Vietnam wars landing on a special flight in Washington DC. 'Government, just do your job': Frustration at US airports as shutdown delays continue Thousands of flights are at risk just before Thanksgiving. Watch: Lava soars 1,100ft above Hawaii's Kilauea in latest eruption The fountaining event lasted for nearly five hours and was the 36th volcanic episode since December 2024. Watch: What New Yorkers want Mamdani to do as mayor The 34-year-old will become the city's first Muslim mayor and the youngest in more than a century when he is sworn in on 1 January 2026. Features '$230 for a cut-up sock' - Apple's new iPhone Pocket ridiculed online Many took aim at the high price online, while others made fun of its striking likeness to a piece of footwear. Why is Donald Trump threatening to sue the BBC? The BBC has come under fire after criticism that a Panorama documentary misleadingly edited a speech by Donald Trump. Four potential obstacles in House vote to end US shutdown The spending plan may have passed the Senate, but it's not yet a done deal in the lower chamber of Congress. Indiana joins growing US battle over redrawing electoral maps The political tug-of-war over redrawing political maps intensifies, with both Republicans and Democrats seeking advantage ahead of the 2026 midterms. Is the US government shutdown over, and why did it happen? President Trump signed a government funding bill but it will still take days - even weeks - for things to go back to normal. Latest updates 29 mins ago Oklahoma spares death row inmate hours before planned execution Oklahoma Governor Kevin Stitt granted clemency to Tremane Wood, who was convicted for his role in the death of migrant farmworker Ronnie Wipf  in 2002. 29 mins ago 44 mins ago Canadian boycott of US travel shows no sign of slowing October marked the 10th month of decreased Canadian travel to the US, with many staying away over political and trade tensions. 44 mins ago 60 mins ago US justice department sues California over new voting maps favouring Democrats The new maps in California favour Democrats and cancel out gains made by Republicans after they redistricted in Texas. 60 mins ago 3 hrs ago UK billionaire Joe Lewis receives pardon from Trump The businessman, whose family trust owns Tottenham Hotspur, pleaded guilty in 2024 to insider trading as part of a deal with prosecutors. 3 hrs ago 3 hrs ago California revoking 17,000 commercial driver's licences given to immigrants The Trump administration is working to keep those in the US illegally from driving trucks and buses. 3 hrs ago 5 hrs ago Watch: Moment the last US penny is minted After more than 230 years, the US ended production of its one-cent coin which today cost nearly four cents each to make. 5 hrs ago 6 hrs ago Trump celebrates as Democrats face fallout from end of shutdown Trump emerges from the shutdown having made little in the way of substantive concessions to Democrats in Congress. 6 hrs ago 7 hrs ago What we know about new Epstein emails that mention Trump In emails released by Democrats, Epstein says Trump "knew about the girls". The White House says they are an attempt to "smear" the president. 7 hrs ago 10 hrs ago Epstein email says Andrew had photo taken with Virginia Giuffre The message sent by Epstein reads: "Yes she [Giuffre] was on my plane and yes she had her picture taken with Andrew" 10 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 4 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/uk
News News UK UK Politics England N. Ireland Scotland Wales BBC apologises to Trump over Panorama edit but refuses to pay compensation Lawyers for the US president have threatened to sue the corporation for $1bn (£759m). 14 mins ago Culture Starmer's chief of staff McSweeney not leaving role over briefing war, BBC told The PM's top aide was not involved "directly or indirectly" in briefings against cabinet ministers, sources tell the BBC. 5 hrs ago Politics Police and crime commissioners to be scrapped in England and Wales The government says it will save £100m over this Parliament and less than 20% of voters can name their PCC. 4 hrs ago UK Royal outrider cleared over pedestrian's death Met Police officer PC Christopher Harrison was accused of causing death by careless driving. 6 hrs ago London Council visited wrong home before Sara Sharif's murder Neighbours say they were reluctant to report abuse because they "feared being branded as racist". 8 hrs ago Surrey Two-thirds of military women experienced sexualised behaviour, survey says The behaviours include comments about their appearance, harassment, leering and groping, according to a survey. 2 hrs ago UK Epstein email says Andrew had photo taken with Virginia Giuffre The message sent by Epstein reads: "Yes she [Giuffre] was on my plane and yes she had her picture taken with Andrew" 10 hrs ago US & Canada  'Failings at every level' resulted in botched insulation scheme, MPs told Wall insulation installed under two separate schemes was supposed to keep residents warm and dry, but instead left some homes damp and mouldy UK billionaire Joe Lewis receives pardon from Trump The businessman, whose family trust owns Tottenham Hotspur, pleaded guilty in 2024 to insider trading as part of a deal with prosecutors. Man, 18, arrested on suspicion of murder after 17-year-old girl dies A man has been arrested and is in custody following the incident, police said. Type 1 diabetes is worse in the young - here's why They show cells that control blood sugar are more vulnerable in early childhood. Hitman pleads guilty to gangland Hogmanay pub murder Grant Hunter, 34, shot Marc Webley at the Anchor Inn in Granton on New Year's Eve 2023 after he taunted his rivals. Watch/Listen Watch: How the BBC works... in under two minutes Culture reporter Noor Nanji explains how the BBC is funded and governed, amid controversy that has lead to the departures of two senior bosses. 'We should have acted earlier', says BBC chair Samir Shah Shah was asked why the corporation did not investigate concerns around the editing of a BBC documentary earlier. Ros Atkins on... how the BBC is run The BBC's analysis editor looks at how the organisation works - to understand why two bosses quit over the weekend. King Charles leads Remembrance Sunday service silence at Cenotaph King Charles III laid a wreath at the monument in central London as the nation remembered its war dead. Features & analysis I was traumatised after being filmed giving CPR to a crash victim - the law must change Fiona Ferris was filmed giving CPR to Dominic McGrath, who died after being hit by a bus in Newry last December. Lack of trust and racism concerns: Five key failings in Sara Sharif review Review finds "different actions could and should have been taken" leading up to the 10-year-old's death. Treasure finds in England reach record high - see how many were unearthed in your area Treasure finds in England have reached a record high according to provisional government figures. Faisal Islam: Slow growth raises stakes even higher for the Budget The Budget somehow has to provide certainty, boost consumer and business confidence, and fill a large fiscal gap. 'Not an easy job' - why would anyone want to be the new BBC director general? As the BBC searches for a new chief, who are the potential candidates and is it a poisoned chalice? More from the UK Royal escort motorcyclist cleared over pedestrian's death Met Police officer PC Christopher Harrison was accused of causing death by careless driving. Man admits causing 70-year-old pedestrian's death John Taggart, 36, was driving in the Millfield junction area of the city when he hit Paul Marshall last September. Hitman pleads guilty to gangland Hogmanay pub murder Grant Hunter, 34, shot Marc Webley at the Anchor Inn in Granton on New Year's Eve 2023 after he taunted his rivals. Man, 18, arrested on suspicion of murder after 17-year-old girl dies A man has been arrested and is in custody following the incident, police said. Latest updates 2 hrs ago Two-thirds of military women experienced sexualised behaviour, survey says The behaviours include comments about their appearance, harassment, leering and groping, according to a survey. 2 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Police and crime commissioners to be scrapped in England and Wales The government says it will save £100m over this Parliament and less than 20% of voters can name their PCC. 4 hrs ago 8 hrs ago How to stay safe during a storm and what to do in a power cut The rain and high winds experienced during stormy weather can damage homes and cause power outages. 8 hrs ago 10 hrs ago Who were the Disappeared? A look at the people who were the Disappeared from Northern Ireland's Troubles. 10 hrs ago 10 hrs ago Ferries at risk as gale force winds forecast Friday's ferry services between the Isle of Man and Lancashire are at risk as strong winds roll in. 10 hrs ago 18 hrs ago Catherine's Christmas service to feature stars including Kate Winslet This will be the fifth time that the Princess of Wales has led the Together at Christmas carol service. 18 hrs ago 1 day ago Leonardo staff begin first strikes over pay Thousands of staff at one of Europe's largest defence firms start the first of several walk-outs. 1 day ago 1 day ago UK deal 'will not affect Aurigny aircraft fleet' Aurigny says it will provide ground handling resources at Gatwick in a deal with Skybus. 1 day ago 1 day ago Witness in Harry privacy case says earlier statement forged Gavin Burrows says an alleged confession dated 2021 was "prepared by others without my knowledge". 1 day ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 5 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/politics
News News UK UK Politics England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Starmer's chief of staff McSweeney not leaving role over briefing war, BBC told The PM's top aide was not involved "directly or indirectly" in briefings against cabinet ministers, sources tell the BBC. 5 hrs ago Politics Who is Starmer's chief of staff Morgan McSweeney? Morgan McSweeney is credited with masterminding Labour's landslide election victory. 5 hrs ago Politics Police and crime commissioners to be scrapped in England and Wales The government says it will save £100m over this Parliament and less than 20% of voters can name their PCC. 4 hrs ago UK UK's first small nuclear power station to be built in north Wales Three small modular reactors are confirmed for the site, with the potential for up to eight. 7 hrs ago Wales Peers suggest over 900 changes to assisted dying bill Experts say the volume is a record, and backers of the bill fear opponents are using delaying tactics. 3 hrs ago Politics UK growth slows after big fall in car production The cyber-attack on Jaguar Land Rover hit manufacturing and weighed on growth in the economy, figures show. 12 hrs ago Business Labour to begin talks on entry fee for EU carbon scheme The negotiations, set to begin next week, could hinge on the scale of UK contributions to EU coffers. 4 hrs ago Politics  Starmer rebuked over football regulator appointment The prime minister has apologised for signing off the appointment of a Labour donor to the watchdog role. Slow growth raises stakes even higher for the Budget The Budget somehow has to provide certainty, boost consumer and business confidence, and fill a large fiscal gap. Mandelson still in contact with Epstein in 2016, emails show Lord Mandelson was sacked as the UK's ambassador to the US in September over his links to the paedophile financier. I have never authorised attacks on ministers, says PM, after leadership row Conservative leader Kemi Badenoch accused the prime minister of running a "toxic" Downing Street. PM says BBC must 'put house in order' over mistakes Sir Keir Starmer says it "must uphold the highest standards" but supports "a strong, independent BBC". Features and analysis Henry Zeffman: Efforts to shore up Starmer's leadership may have backfired Briefings aimed at seeing off leadership plots may have left the PM more vulnerable, some in Labour fear. Chris Mason: The justice system is failing - the buck stops with Lammy Problems in the prisons and the courts are not new but they are growing and the government doesn't have a grip on them. Chris Mason: Could Reeves break a 50-year taboo by raising income tax in her Budget? It is more than half a century since a chancellor chose to put up the basic rate of income tax. What a UK government led by Reform would really look like What the party's first six months at the helm at local level shows about how they govern - and whether they can keep their promises Will Bank of England governor play Santa or Scrooge on interest rates? The interest rate decision was made by the narrowest of margins, meaning all eyes are now on the Bank's December meeting. From our Political Editor Chris Mason Where does mudslinging over leadership leave Starmer's government? The Prime Minister is "incandescent" at way all of this has played out, writes BBC's political editor. The justice system is failing - the buck stops with Lammy Problems in the prisons and the courts are not new but they are growing and the government doesn't have a grip on them. Could Reeves break a 50-year taboo by raising income tax in her Budget? It is more than half a century since a chancellor chose to put up the basic rate of income tax. As crises pile up, can the Home Office be fixed? The government confronts a cluster of catastrophes, all linked to small boat crossings. Will Lucy Powell's win turn things around for Labour? Chris Mason looks at what Lucy Powell's return to frontline politics might mean for Labour. BBC InDepth What a UK government led by Reform would really look like What the party's first six months at the helm at local level shows about how they govern - and whether they can keep their promises The battle is on for the Conservatives to show they matter As the party's annual conference begins, there are reasons for the current leadership to be gloomy, writes Laura Kuenssberg. How much trouble is Labour in - and is the PM the right man for the job? Ahead of Labour's annual conference, Laura Kuenssberg talks to ministers, MPs and advisers about Starmer's position. Nick Robinson: How the simmering row over freedom of speech in the UK reached boiling point How did we reach a point where the UK is being compared to a 'tin pot Third World dictatorship'? Trump's state visit is mired with potential pitfalls despite careful planning Months of preparations have gone into this state visit - but the Lord Mandelson question is not the only concern troubling insiders. Watch/Listen 'My sympathy is with the people of Kent' Labour MPs 'furious' as leadership row goes public Labour MPs 'furious' as leadership row goes public Reform UK says BBC 'infected with left-wing bias' Leader Nigel Farage cites Rhuanedd Richards' role as BBC director of nations as 'living proof' of bias. Reform UK school taxi letter used as 'political football' Council leader George Finch answered questions on home-to-school transport on BBC CWR on Friday. Watch: US election night's big winners… in 90 seconds Zohran Mamdani, who will become New York City's youngest mayor since 1892, said in his victory speech that his win was a 'mandate for change'.

## 6 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/england
News News UK UK Politics England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Royal escort motorcyclist cleared over pedestrian's death Met Police officer PC Christopher Harrison was accused of causing death by careless driving. 6 hrs ago London Soldier took her own life after fight, inquest told Royal Artillery Bombardier Nadine Askew was found dead in her room at Larkhill Camp in 2021. 6 hrs ago Wiltshire People trapped in homes and vehicles as floods hit Dozens of roads across Cumbria are hit by surface water flooding after a spell of heavy rain. 5 hrs ago Cumbria Titanic passenger's watch expected to fetch £1m The watch belonged to Bavarian-born American businessman Isidor Straus, who died in the disaster. 6 hrs ago England Met investigating 'tens of grooming gang cases' Sir Mark warned against using "grooming gangs" as a catch-all term as it covers different offences. 24 mins ago London Crime commissioner quits Labour after role is axed Sarah Taylor says she is troubled by a "significant reduction in scrutiny" she believes will occur. Just now Norfolk Council visited wrong home before Sara Sharif's murder Neighbours say they were reluctant to report abuse because they "feared being branded as racist". 8 hrs ago Surrey  Trio jailed for £26m drug haul found on speedboat Anestis Tsepa, Raymond Nuttall and Craig Nuttall were arrested in Watchet Marina in July. Man jailed for murder over 'Wild West' knife fight Awad Abdel Samad faces life in prison with a minimum term of 27 years for killing Mohamed Abdi. Man's lawnmower death an accident,  jury concludes Kamil Grygieniec, 23, died from head injuries caused when the ride-on mower rolled of top of him. Runner's half marathon holiday 'ruined' by food poisoning Nicky Putman says she collapsed in a hotel lobby after becoming ill with food poisoning on holiday. Prince opens new access road he helped fund at football club The prince says it is a "privilege" to help Mousehole Football Club with the new road. Stories to make you smile Alice in Wonderland artist's plaque finds new home The plaque was almost thrown away when the house it was placed on, was demolished in 1959. Joe Wicks returns to fire-damaged school for reopening The blaze in May 2023 at Yatton Infants School, in Somerset, destroyed half of the roof. Swimming teacher twins, 80, 'feel at home' at pool The sisters, who have taught for decades, say age is not a barrier to sport. Features & Analysis Firm run by doctors makes millions cutting waiting lists A union has raised concerns private firms are "seeking to use waiting lists to make millions". 'Why I queued for almost 24 hours for a jacket potato' Hundreds brave the rain in Sheffield for the opening of a potato-based social media sensation. Treasure finds in England reach record high Treasure finds in England have reached a record high according to provisional government figures. 'We need young people to know there's no safe place to stab someone' The murder of Katherine Johnson's son features in a campaign video playing at cinemas across the UK. Watch/Listen Watch: Sex offender crashes car in police pursuit The 26-year-old is caught speeding by police and then flipping his car on the day he was due in court. 6 hrs ago Cambridgeshire Olympic Park velodrome reflects 'fireworks as farts' Clips of the phenomenon have gone viral on social media after it was shared to TikTok. 3 days ago Veteran turns plastic bottles into 2,500 poppies Chris Penrose transformed his home for Remembrance Sunday. 2 days ago Watch as 1960s shopping centre demolished Rubble falls past an Anglia Square sign as heavy machinery begins to demolish the shopping precinct. 1 day ago Norfolk CCTV released over fireworks murder eight years on Police are urging people to examine their consciences. 2 days ago Sport LIVE Reaction as England beat Serbia to maintain 100% World Cup qualifying record Reaction as England beat Serbia 2-0 at Wembley in World Cup qualifying. Stokes takes six wickets in England Ashes warm-up England captain Ben Stokes takes six wickets on the opening day of his side's solitary warm-up match before the Ashes begins next week. The Ratcliffe revolution - inside Man Utd's exodus and rebuild BBC Sport tells the story of how Sir Jim Ratcliffe ripped apart and rebuilt Manchester United's leadership team. Wood injury concern for England in tour match England fast bowler Mark Wood will have a hamstring scan after leaving the field on the first day of the Ashes warm-up match against England Lions in Perth. Latest updates 32 mins ago South East PCCs react to decision to axe role The Home Office says this move will see front-line policing awarded an extra £20m every year. 32 mins ago 3 hrs ago Final Lumiere under way but is it really the end? Organisers say this Durham Lumiere festival is the last, but the council says "watch this space". 3 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Scrapping PCCs is 'outrageous' and 'inexplicable' The government has announced plans to abolish police and crime commissioners in 2028. 4 hrs ago 4 hrs ago PCC says cutting role 'won't improve anything' Police and crime commissioners are to be scrapped in England and Wales, the government has said. 4 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Police probe alleged sex abuse at two schools Detectives say they are aware of historical sex abuse allegations in a TV documentary. 4 hrs ago 5 hrs ago Pair begin three-legged Children In Need walk Lindsey Burrow and BBC Look North's Amy Garcia set off on their 30-mile challenge from Castleford. 5 hrs ago 5 hrs ago The Hull Boy to switch on city's Christmas lights The mental health advocate and fundraiser will turn on Hull's lights on 20 November. 5 hrs ago 5 hrs ago Accused rapist wanted to give men HIV, court hears Adam Hall, 43, denies raping five men and seven counts of intentional grievous bodily harm. 5 hrs ago 5 hrs ago Asylum seeker jailed for raping 15-year-old girl A judge tells Amin Abedi Mofrad he exploited his victim's vulnerability during the attack in Oxford. 5 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 7 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/northern_ireland
News News N. Ireland N. Ireland Politics Man admits causing 70-year-old pedestrian's death John Taggart, 36, was driving in the Millfield junction area of the city when he hit Paul Marshall last September. 4 hrs ago Northern Ireland Man guilty of murder and robbery of 87-year-old A robber who kicked, punched and stamped a vulnerable pensioner is found guilty of murder. 4 hrs ago London PSNI to pay widow settlement after keeping husband's body parts Kathleen Keelan's husband James was killed by loyalist paramilitaries in north Belfast in June 1987. 2 hrs ago Northern Ireland LIVE Republic of Ireland beat Portugal to keep qualifying hopes alive as Ronaldo sent off Follow live text commentary, score updates and match stats from Republic of Ireland vs Portugal in the UEFA World Cup Qualifiers PSNI in discussions with Presbyterian Church after safeguarding concerns The PSNI said its discussions with the church followed concerns raised by it after the conviction of an individual in 2024 for child sexual offences. 5 hrs ago Northern Ireland 'Being filmed giving CPR traumatised me and crash victim's family' Fiona Ferris was filmed giving CPR to Dominic McGrath, who died after being hit by a bus in Newry last December. 22 hrs ago Northern Ireland 'Genuine medical issues' in the case of Lady Donaldson says judge Sir Jeffrey, 62, is accused of 18 offences, including one count of rape, while Lady Donaldson, 59, faces five charges relating to aiding and abetting. 11 hrs ago Northern Ireland  Film festival staff need to stay 'squeaky clean', tribunal hears Sara Morrison claims she was unlawfully discriminated against for her beliefs by her former employer. Christmas market in Londonderry cancelled over safety concerns Organisers of the market have raised safety concerns over a building which engineers fear may collapse. Pope Leo XIV appoints his first Irish bishop Bishop Niall Coll of Ossory has been appointed as the new Bishop of Raphoe. Sinn Féin member expelled after partner's far-right arrest Sinn Féin's national spokesperson says the woman was expelled after "she failed to notify the party that her home was raided". Features & Analysis From Brazil to Belfast - pupils hold their own COP30 event The COP30 climate simulation negotiation brought pupils from 28 schools to Belfast Castle. 'You don't know what you'll face' - nurse on domestic abuse training Almost 30,000 domestic abuse incidents were recorded  in Northern Ireland between June 2024 and 2025. Northern Lights shine across Northern Ireland The Northern Lights, also known as the aurora borealis, are vibrant light displays that occur in the sky, usually near the polar regions. Creating an ASMR soundscape for 330 million-year-old caves The Marble Arch Caves in County Fermanagh are one of several locations featured in a new campaign showcasing natural soundscapes from around NI. Foyle & West Residents return home after pipe bombs made safe The devices were found during an overnight security alert in the Galliagh area of Londonderry. Bishop calls for unity after thefts of Remembrance items Bishop Donal McKeown says he was saddened by recent thefts and damage to displays in Londonderry. Disclosure of Omagh bombing material an 'on-going process' The disclosure of material about the 1998 Omagh bombing remains an on-going process. Remembrance poppy memorial thefts treated as sectarian hate crime The items, commemorating people from the area who died in World War One, were stolen from the Fountain estate on Remembrance weekend. Listen: North West Today A round-up of local news, sport and weather across the north west of Northern Ireland. Republic of Ireland Fisherman dies after falling overboard in County Donegal The incident happened at about 13:25 GMT near Arranmore on Tuesday. Woman found guilty of murdering two men in 2014 Two men were found shot dead on Inchicup Island on Lough Sheelin, in 2014, five weeks after they went missing. Ryanair scraps printed boarding passes to go fully digital The airline is only accepting digital boarding passes from Wednesday. Funeral of 20-year-old Irish man killed in Ukraine to take place Alex Ryzhuk, who was born in Dublin to Ukrainian parents, had been serving alongside military forces when he went missing and was presumed dead. Catherine Connolly becomes 10th president of Ireland The Republic of Ireland's new president says "our actions today will shape the world our grandchildren will inherit". More BBC News NI on iPlayer & Sounds Good Morning Ulster Wake up to Good Morning Ulster and get all the news and analysis from home and abroad. The Nolan Show Breaking news and hard-hitting talk about the big stories of the day. Talkback Highlights from Talkback. William Crawley and guests discuss the news headlines. Evening Extra All the day’s news and analysis with Richard Morgan. BBC Newsline The latest news for Northern Ireland. The State of Us Tara Mills and Declan Harvey react and reflect on news stories in a BBC NI podcast. Red Lines The back-stop’s here? Bad puns with top political coverage from BBC Northern Ireland. The View Mark Carruthers provides comment and expert analysis on the week's political news Spotlight Hard-hitting investigations on the stories that matter in Northern Ireland. Sunday Politics Northern Ireland Mark Carruthers with the latest political news, interviews and debate. Latest updates 1 hr ago Film festival staff need to stay 'squeaky clean', tribunal hears Sara Morrison claims she was unlawfully discriminated against for her beliefs by her former employer. 1 hr ago 2 hrs ago PSNI to pay widow settlement after keeping husband's body parts Kathleen Keelan's husband James was killed by loyalist paramilitaries in north Belfast in June 1987. 2 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Man admits causing 70-year-old pedestrian's death John Taggart, 36, was driving in the Millfield junction area of the city when he hit Paul Marshall last September. 4 hrs ago 5 hrs ago PSNI in discussions with Presbyterian Church after safeguarding concerns The PSNI said its discussions with the church followed concerns raised by it after the conviction of an individual in 2024 for child sexual offences. 5 hrs ago 6 hrs ago Call to make filming at car crash sites illegal It has been banned in countries, such as Germany, particularly if it captures victims or interferes with the emergency services. 6 hrs ago 9 hrs ago Residents return home after pipe bombs made safe The devices were found during an overnight security alert in the Galliagh area of Londonderry. 9 hrs ago 10 hrs ago 'Big disappointment' as Christmas market cancelled Organisers of the market have raised safety concerns over a building which engineers fear may collapse. 10 hrs ago 11 hrs ago 'Genuine medical issues' in the case of Lady Donaldson says judge Sir Jeffrey, 62, is accused of 18 offences, including one count of rape, while Lady Donaldson, 59, faces five charges relating to aiding and abetting. 11 hrs ago 16 hrs ago Bishop calls for unity after thefts of Remembrance items Bishop Donal McKeown says he was saddened by recent thefts and damage to displays in Londonderry. 16 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 8 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/northern_ireland/northern_ireland_politics
News News N. Ireland N. Ireland Politics DUP absence from Connolly inauguration 'not a snub' Gavin Robinson was speaking after the party confirmed they would not send a representative to Catherine Connolly's inauguration on Tuesday. 3 days ago Northern Ireland Politics Bid to oust education minister from office over Israel visit fails The move was set to fail as it needed cross-community support and unionist parties had already ruled out supporting it. 3 days ago Northern Ireland Politics Backdated health workers' pay award to go ahead, says minister A pay offer aimed at avoiding industrial action by healthcare workers has been made by the Department of Health. 7 days ago Northern Ireland 'Sinister attack' on Alliance headquarters 'tried to incite fear' It was reported on Wednesday that graffiti had been sprayed onto external windows, door shutters and a fence. 7 days ago Northern Ireland DUP will not be represented at Irish presidential inauguration Alliance MLA Paula Bradshaw says the DUP should send an alternative representative to Deputy First Minister Emma Little-Pengelly. 4 days ago Northern Ireland Politics Little-Pengelly turns down Irish presidential inauguration invite Northern Ireland's deputy first minister says she is unable to attend Catherine Connolly's inauguration due to Remembrance Day commitments. 6 days ago Northern Ireland Politics PSNI pay deal possible before end of year, says Long The justice minister was speaking after the health minister announced he has been given approval to award pay parity to healthcare workers. 6 days ago Northern Ireland Politics  Stormont choices 'may add to funding pressures', says Benn Hilary Benn refused to be drawn on whether the Budget later this month would involve tax rises. Guidance for businesses on NI's post-Brexit trade deal 'not fit for purpose' The panel said information was "poorly presented, unwieldy and needs to be significantly improved". MLAs told cooperation over environment agency is 'crucial' Andrew Muir says assembly members should "put their money where their mouth is" and support the plan for an independent environment agency. Any tax increase must be 'fair and progressive' UK Chancellor Rachel Reeves refuses to rule out rises, saying she will make the "necessary choices". Israel trip given 'clean bill of health', minister says Stormont's Education Minister Paul Givan continues to face criticism over his six-day tour of Israel.

## 9 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/scotland
News News Scotland Scotland Politics Hitman pleads guilty to gangland Hogmanay pub murder Grant Hunter, 34, shot Marc Webley at the Anchor Inn in Granton on New Year's Eve 2023 after he taunted his rivals. 5 hrs ago Edinburgh, Fife & East Aberdeen to trial alcohol sales at Scottish Premiership match Supporters will be able to buy alcoholic drinks at the game against Kilmarnock next month. 2 hrs ago NE, Orkney & Shetland Plan to allow voters to remove MSPs backed by parliament Unlike Westminster, Holyrood does not have a mechanism allowing constituents to recall their representatives. 5 hrs ago Scotland Politics Tesco suspends fish farm after claims lice-infested salmon left in pen Bakkafrost Scotland says a "very small" number of fish were in a site that had been declared fallow. 5 hrs ago Highlands & Islands Scottish government aiming to issue first bonds in 2026-27 Scottish ministers wants to use bonds to raise money from investors to fund infrastructure projects. 10 hrs ago Scotland Chicken escape forces partial closure of busy trunk road Emergency services are trying to round up the birds after their trailer overturned near Dunblane. 6 hrs ago Tayside & Central Scotland Scotland's flu season starts early with rise in cases There has been a jump in flu cases detected in Scotland over the last week, official figures show. 8 hrs ago Scotland  Swinney tells Sheku Bayoh family that new inquiry chair is priority The first minister met Mr Bayoh's family a month after the judge leading the inquiry into his death in police custody stood down. Trial of Libyan accused of Lockerbie bombing delayed again The accused's legal team requested to delay the trial over his role in the murder of 270 people in the 1988 bombing. McGill's bus operator fined  almost £30,000 over faults McGill's Buses has been given a final warning by Richard Turfitt and told the problems had "severely tarnished" the reputation of two subsidiary companies. Two charged with murder of man whose body was found in field Robert Best, 50, was discovered near High Mathernock Farm in Kilmacolm at about 09:20 on Tuesday Man arrested after rape in Glasgow city centre lane The incident was first reported about 03:10 on Wednesday. Features and analysis What’s going on at the Grand Theft Auto maker? The GTA maker has been accused of “union busting”. What difference could bonds make to funding a future Scotland? Scottish ministers are to issue bonds for the first time but is that the best way for a country to borrow money? Alan Cumming: 'People are excited by the idea of coming to Pitlochry' The Scottish actor and TV presenter found his friends in the business didn't take much persuading. How prepared is Scotland for severe weather over the winter? The country's transport networks are set to be tested in the coming weeks as winter brings an increased likelihood of extreme weather. Your pictures of Scotland A selection of photographs submitted to BBC Scotland News from around the country this week. News from around Scotland Hitman pleads guilty to gangland Hogmanay pub murder Grant Hunter, 34, shot Marc Webley at the Anchor Inn in Granton on New Year's Eve 2023 after he taunted his rivals. Man who died after crash in Highlands named by police Emergency services were called to a two-vehicle collision south of the Cromarty Bridge on Monday. Aberdeen to trial alcohol sales at Scottish Premiership match Supporters will be able to buy alcoholic drinks at the game against Kilmarnock next month. Trial of Libyan accused of Lockerbie bombing delayed again The accused's legal team requested to delay the trial over his role in the murder of 270 people in the 1988 bombing. Chicken escape forces partial closure of busy trunk road Emergency services are trying to round up the birds after their trailer overturned near Dunblane. Sport 'Scotland players can instantly write themselves into history books' Head coach Steve Clarke says "the chance is there" for his Scotland squad to "instantly write their names in the history books" should they qualify for a first World Cup in 27 years - and the first of nine of their lifetimes. Why Bodo/Glimt miracle worker might appeal to Celtic Reported Celtic target Kjetil Knutsen has taken Bodo/Glimt and Norwegian football to new heights. Hutchinson ready to step from Scotland shadows Despite shining for Northampton Saints, Rory Hutchinson has found opportunities with Scotland limited, but the centre says he is now ready to take his chance with his national side. How to follow Scotland's crucial qualifiers across BBC Scotland's matches away to Greece and at home to Denmark could determine if the nation reaches a World Cup for the first time since 1998, and you watch them exclusively on the BBC. Forrest, MacIntyre & Syme in top 20 after DP World Tour Championship first round DP World Tour logo More news on iPlayer and Sounds Reporting Scotland Big stories from across the country Scotcast The BBC's Scottish news podcast. Reporting Scotland: News at Seven More from the day’s top stories and communities across Scotland. Good Morning Scotland The nation's morning news programme. Latest updates 4 hrs ago How prepared is Scotland for severe weather over the winter? The country's transport networks are set to be tested in the coming weeks as winter brings an increased likelihood of extreme weather. 4 hrs ago 5 hrs ago Scottish government rejects crematorium bid appeal A Scottish government reporter has backed the decision to turn down the crematorium near Inverurie. 5 hrs ago 7 hrs ago Swinney tells Sheku Bayoh family that new inquiry chair is priority The first minister met Mr Bayoh's family a month after the judge leading the inquiry into his death in police custody stood down. 7 hrs ago 7 hrs ago Airline for Wick to Aberdeen could be announced next week Eastern Airways had operated the subsidised flights before it entered administration. 7 hrs ago 8 hrs ago Scotland's flu season starts early with rise in cases There has been a jump in flu cases detected in Scotland over the last week, official figures show. 8 hrs ago 8 hrs ago McGill's bus operator fined  almost £30,000 over faults McGill's Buses has been given a final warning by Richard Turfitt and told the problems had "severely tarnished" the reputation of two subsidiary companies. 8 hrs ago 10 hrs ago Alan Cumming: 'People are excited by the idea of coming to Pitlochry' The Scottish actor and TV presenter found his friends in the business didn't take much persuading. 10 hrs ago 10 hrs ago Scottish government aiming to issue first bonds in 2026-27 Scottish ministers wants to use bonds to raise money from investors to fund infrastructure projects. 10 hrs ago 15 hrs ago Scotland's papers: Labour 'civil war' and fair trial fears A review of the front page stories from the daily newspapers in Scotland. 15 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 10 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/scotland/scotland_politics
News News Scotland Scotland Politics Plan to allow voters to remove MSPs backed by parliament Unlike Westminster, Holyrood does not have a mechanism allowing constituents to recall their representatives. 5 hrs ago Scotland Politics Swinney urged to back 'full and fearless' grooming gangs inquiry Scottish Conservative leader Russell Findlay highlights the case of Taylor who wrote to the FM claiming to have been abused by 10 Pakistani men. Why Scotland's teachers want 90 minutes back Scotland's teachers are preparing to vote on industrial action over workload and time spent in front of pupils. 2 days ago Scotland Politics Early release of prisoners will cause victims anxiety, admits minister The emergency scheme which will see nearly 1,000 inmates freed from Scotland's jails is set to get under way. 2 days ago Scotland Politics Scottish government aiming to issue first bonds in 2026-27 Scottish ministers wants to use bonds to raise money from investors to fund infrastructure projects. 10 hrs ago Scotland What difference could bonds make to funding a future Scotland? Scottish ministers are to issue bonds for the first time but is that the best way for a country to borrow money? 5 hrs ago Scotland Politics Police chief says force will always record rapists as men Police Scotland has clarified its policy on how rapes and attempted rapes are registered on its system. 1 day ago Scotland Politics  Minimum age in assisted dying bill raised to 18 MSPs on Holyrood's health committee have backed an amendment to raise the lower threshold from 16. Breastfeeding rates in Scotland at record high Breastfeeding rates in Scotland are at the highest level since official records began, Public Health Scotland (PHS) data shows. Sarwar refuses to comment on UK tax hike speculation Chancellor Rachel Reeves has fuelled speculation that she could announce an increase in the Autumn Budget. SNP take over running of Stirling Council An agreement has also been reached that sees the first Scottish Green join the administration. Finance secretary may have to 'revisit' no tax rise pledge Shona Robison says the chancellor's Budget decisions later this month could put unforeseen pressure on Scotland's finances. Features and analysis Why the battle still rages over land ownership in Scotland The reaction to the Scottish government's wide-ranging new laws show the divided opinions on the issue. Mental health, buses and school meals - issues that matter to first-time voters Teenagers who could vote for the first time next year put politicians through their paces at an event in Dumfries. Sabotage, betrayal, secrecy... and recycling How a £50m court case over Scotland's deposit return scheme turned into a political blockbuster. A bridge, 130 convictions and a 30-year fight: The tolls that made criminals of islanders More than 100 people received criminal convictions after refusing to pay tolls on the Skye Bridge. Why is the government being sued for £170m over a recycling scheme? A waste management firm has launched legal action over a beleaguered bottle return plan.

## 11 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/wales
News News Wales Wales Politics Man, 18, arrested on suspicion of murder after 17-year-old girl dies A man has been arrested and is in custody following the incident, police said. 7 hrs ago Wales Police officers lied about dead woman, misconduct hearing finds Two officers lied about a dead woman and ordered CPR, despite her being dead for at least two weeks. 4 hrs ago Wales Charlotte Church and Gavin Henson's son makes acting debut Dexter Henson stars in the short film Waiting for Burton, set in Wales in the 1970s. 1 day ago Wales Wales hosting Euro 2028 - all you need to know Noel Mooney says kicking-off Euro 2028 on home soil will be "spectacular for the nation" but how will it all work? We answer your questions. 11 hrs ago Wales Men Storm Claudia brings amber warning for rain For Friday, an amber weather warning is in place until 23:59 GMT with south and mid Wales expected to bear the brunt of the wet weather. 6 hrs ago Wales UK's first small nuclear power station to be built in north Wales Three small modular reactors are confirmed for the site, with the potential for up to eight. 7 hrs ago Wales Injured motorcyclists rescued after bike sent SOS alert The pair were left lying helpless on the road with serious pelvic and leg injuries after the crash. 16 hrs ago Wales  Devolve policing when crime commissioners go, says Plaid Plaid says policing and justice powers must move to Cardiff when elected commissioners are scrapped. 'My son, 4, has childhood dementia - I'm heartbroken' Tammy McDaid is raising funds to help her make memories with her son Tate. Birds must be kept indoors over avian flu fears Bird flu spreads among birds and, in rare cases, can affect humans. City's overnight visitors could face £1.30 per night tax Cardiff council wants to bring in a levy that it hopes would raise £3.5m a year. Reform politician faces suspension over WhatsApp racial slur Laura Anne Jones used a racial slur to describe Chinese people, in August 2023, in a WhatsApp chat. Features & analysis Northern Lights leave sky-gazers in awe A powerful solar storm allowed the Aurora Boraelis to be visible across north Wales. Charli XCX 'cried' during collaboration with music legend for Wuthering Heights soundtrack The singer was tearful over teaming up with the former Velvet Underground member. 'I was spat at in the '70s because of my colour - those days are back' A man who was spat at because of his colour when he was young is worried about the political climate. How a wet Welsh summer helped create Winnie-the-Pooh The famous bear first featured among a collection of poems compiled in a potting shed in rainy Wales. When my wife died, Elis James reached out - now we're close mates The comedian contacted Geraint John after his wife Deb died and has helped him while he grieves. Watch/Listen Kebab shop families involved in 'disgraceful' street fight The court was shown CCTV footage of the brawl which left them with gash and slash wounds. 2 days ago Wales Wales falls silent for Armistice Day Services were held across Wales, as people gathered to mark 107 years since the end of World War One. 2 days ago Wales Lorry driver who blamed fatal crash on cough exposed by dashcam Mariusz Korkosz was driving incorrectly for almost 20 seconds before colliding head-on with a truck. 5 Nov 2025 Wales Reform UK says BBC 'infected with left-wing bias' Leader Nigel Farage cites Rhuanedd Richards' role as BBC director of nations as 'living proof' of bias. 2 days ago Wales Archive: Richard Burton speaks of his home village Burton, who would have turned 100 this year, starred in Cleopatra and Shakespearean stage roles. 3 days ago Wales Sport How Wales aim to cope without 'irreplaceable' Morgan Wales will adopt a different approach in their autumn Test against Japan at Principality Stadium after the loss of 'irreplaceable' Jac Morgan. Swans set for talks with Hellberg over manager role Swansea City are to hold talks with Kim Hellberg, manager at Swedish club Hammarby, to replace Alan Sheehan. Rees-Zammit and Cracknell start for Wales v Japan Wales make four changes to their XV to face Japan with Louis Rees-Zammit making his first international start since 2023. What's up with Wales and Spurs 'mystery' Johnson? Brennan Johnson should be a key player for Wales but, as well as being in and out of Spurs' team, he finds himself out of favour for his country. Scrum V Live to show festive Welsh derbies in URC Welsh rugby fans will be able to watch three Welsh derbies in the United Rugby Championship over the Christmas and New Year period on the BBC. Stories from Cymru Fyw Arestio dyn 18 oed ar amheuaeth o lofruddio merch, 17 Mae dyn ifanc 18 oed wedi cael ei arestio ar amheuaeth o lofruddiaeth yn dilyn marwolaeth merch 17 oed yn Sir Caerffili. Cadarnhad y bydd pwerdy niwclear newydd yn cael ei adeiladu ym Môn Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi cadarnhau y bydd pwerdy niwclear o fath newydd yn cael ei adeiladu ar Ynys Môn. Rhagweld 'llifogydd sylweddol' yn sgil rhybudd oren Storm Claudia Mae disgwyl i rannau o Gymru wynebu glaw trwm a all arwain at lifogydd wrth i Storm Claudia daro ddydd Gwener. 'Dyn caredig a Chymro' - Siân Owen yn cofio ei hewythr, Richard Burton Yr actores o Bont-rhyd-y-fen sy'n cofio ei hewythr byd-enwog. Latest updates 4 hrs ago Police officers lied about dead woman, misconduct hearing finds Two officers lied about a dead woman and ordered CPR, despite her being dead for at least two weeks. 4 hrs ago 4 hrs ago How Wales aim to cope without 'irreplaceable' Morgan Wales will adopt a different approach in their autumn Test against Japan at Principality Stadium after the loss of 'irreplaceable' Jac Morgan. 4 hrs ago 5 hrs ago Devolve policing when crime commissioners go, says Plaid Plaid says policing and justice powers must move to Cardiff when elected commissioners are scrapped. 5 hrs ago 6 hrs ago Storm Claudia brings amber warning for rain For Friday, an amber weather warning is in place until 23:59 GMT with south and mid Wales expected to bear the brunt of the wet weather. 6 hrs ago 7 hrs ago UK's first small nuclear power station to be built in north Wales Three small modular reactors are confirmed for the site, with the potential for up to eight. 7 hrs ago 7 hrs ago Man, 18, arrested on suspicion of murder after 17-year-old girl dies A man has been arrested and is in custody following the incident, police said. 7 hrs ago 12 hrs ago Birds must be kept indoors over avian flu fears Bird flu spreads among birds and, in rare cases, can affect humans. 12 hrs ago 13 hrs ago Wales v Japan - all you need to know Wales continue their autumn international campaign this Saturday when they host Japan in Cardiff. 13 hrs ago 13 hrs ago Rees-Zammit and Cracknell start for Wales v Japan Wales make four changes to their XV to face Japan with Louis Rees-Zammit making his first international start since 2023. 13 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 12 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/wales/wales_politics
News News Wales Wales Politics Devolve policing when crime commissioners go, says Plaid Plaid says policing and justice powers must move to Cardiff when elected commissioners are scrapped. 5 hrs ago Wales UK's first small nuclear power station to be built in north Wales Three small modular reactors are confirmed for the site, with the potential for up to eight. 7 hrs ago Wales One in four missing meals due to cost pressures - report New report says parents of under 18s are among the groups most affected by cost of living pressures. 1 day ago Wales Farming inheritance tax causing uncertainty and confusion - MPs One accountant believes the plans will hit about 92% of farmers, not the predicted 7%. 2 days ago Wales Birds must be kept indoors over avian flu fears Bird flu spreads among birds and, in rare cases, can affect humans. 12 hrs ago Wales City's overnight visitors could face £1.30 per night tax Cardiff council wants to bring in a levy that it hopes would raise £3.5m a year. 1 day ago Wales Reform politician faces suspension over WhatsApp racial slur Laura Anne Jones used a racial slur to describe Chinese people, in August 2023, in a WhatsApp chat. 1 day ago Wales  Jobless rise shows Labour plan failing, say Tories Tory Senedd leader says the first minister will not accept responsibility for Wales' economic woes. New NHS boss 'concerned' about health board targets Jacqueline Totterdell says the Betsi Cadwaladr health board may fall short of its waiting time targets. FAW silent over replacing late Queen as patron A petition in 2023 demanded "no more Royal patronage" and attracted 1,883 signatures. First Minister's Questions from the Senedd: 11 November 2025 Eluned Morgan is quizzed by opposition party leaders and other MSs during First Minister's Questions. Senedd election 'tipping point' for Starmer as PM One source calls the prime minister "absolutely delusional" about the likely result next May.

## 13 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/africa
News News Africa Nigeria cancels mother-tongue teaching in primary schools and reverts to English Exam results from areas which dropped English have declined, the education minister says, announcing the U-turn. 7 hrs ago Africa US calls for international action to cut weapons supply to Sudan paramilitaries "They're committing acts of sexual violence and atrocities," says the US secretary of state, "and it needs to end immediately". 2 hrs ago World The fallout from Nigeria's spectacular $25m museum and the Benin Bronzes Nigeria’s stunning new Museum of West African Art (Mowaa) finds itself in the crosshairs of local power politics. 22 hrs ago Africa Over 200 Kenyans fighting for Russia in Ukraine - minister Russian recruitment networks are targeting Kenyans with fake job offers, authorities say. 11 hrs ago World South Sudan leader sacks powerful vice-president in shock move Bol Mel, who is sanctioned by the US for alleged corruption, had been tipped as Kiir's successor. 6 hrs ago Africa 'It's their loss': South African leader hits back at Trump's decision to skip G20 summit Trump said it was a "total disgrace" that South Africa was hosting this month's summit. 1 day ago Africa  Sudan civil war 'There was a state of terror': Sudan hospital worker describes fleeing before alleged massacre "I have lost the people whose faces I used to see smiling," says Abdu-Rabbu Ahmed after escaping el-Fasher. Sudan capital hit by drone attacks a day after RSF agrees to truce - reports The reported strikes come as the military-led government says it would be wary of agreeing to a ceasefire. 'Our job is only killing' - how Sudan's brutal militia carried out a massacre BBC Verify tracks how the RSF killed unarmed people in a massacre that humanitarian officials believe left 2,000 dead. Sudan's life-saving community kitchens on verge of collapse This follows confirmation by a global hunger monitor that famine conditions are spreading in conflict zones. He made his money selling camels and gold. Now this warlord controls half of Sudan Mohamed Hamdan Dagalo will either lead a breakaway state or seek to take control of the whole country, Sudanese say. Features and analysis How jihadists have brought a nation to a standstill with their fuel blockade Mali has been paralysed by a fuel blockade, which has disrupted transport, schools, hospitals and more. Ahead of the G20, is Johannesburg's city centre in ruins? Some residents in the heart of the South African city are living amid sewage in derelict buildings run by criminal gangs. How the US overtook China as Africa's biggest foreign investor As the two nations vie for key materials, the US has regained the lead in foreign direct investments in African countries. The ex-president's daughter who faces terror-related charges South African Duduzile Zuma-Sambudla, accused of stoking deadly protests, denies the charges. The president blamed for shattering Tanzania's aura of stability The manner of Samia Suluhu Hassan's re-election has earned the country a rare rebuke from the African Union. Trove of records reveals Kenya's forgotten World War soldiers Thousands of Kenyans, who fought for Britain, are buried in unknown locations and were never commemorated. Panache, parades and power: Africa's top shots A selection of the week's best photos from across the African continent and beyond. Are Christians being persecuted in Nigeria as Trump claims? Donald Trump says thousands of Christians are being killed in Nigeria - where has he got the numbers from? Sport From YouTube team to the Prem: Ndiaye's unusual run to the top The French-born footballer did not have an easy run on his way to the top, with numerous clubs rejecting him. Iwobi ready to face 'big brother' Aubameyang Alex Iwobi says Nigeria will have to "lock up" Gabon striker, and his former Arsenal team-mate, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang when the sides meet in African play-offs for the 2026 World Cup. 'Cutest comeback ever' - Jabeur announces pregnancy Former world number two Ons Jabeur announces that she is pregnant with her first child. Watch/Listen 'His aura is amazing' - Iwobi on Aubameyang Speaking before Nigeria face Gabon in African play-offs for the World Cup, Alex Iwobi says Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was his "big brother" at Arsenal. The Kenyan start-up aiming to electrify African transport From fleets of e-bikes to individual riders, eWaka aims to sell across Africa's delivery market. We will never accept stolen votes, says Cameroon opposition leader Cameroon opposition leader Issa Tchiroma Bakary is adamant that he's the winner of the presidential election. Tyson hails Congolese roots on Rumble in the Jungle visit Mike Tyson was a hit with boxing fans in Kinshasa after embracing his African roots as part of ongoing celebrations for the iconic Rumble in the Jungle. Thousands of grief-stricken mourners attend Raila Odinga's funeral Thousands of mourners attend the state funeral of former Prime Minister Raila Odinga in Nairobi. Programmes and podcasts Live: World Service for Africa Focus on Africa Podcast Three essential stories to round off your working day. Explaining the news from Africa. This is Africa Latest updates 6 hrs ago South Sudan leader sacks powerful vice-president in shock move Bol Mel, who is sanctioned by the US for alleged corruption, had been tipped as Kiir's successor. 6 hrs ago 7 hrs ago Nigeria cancels mother-tongue teaching in primary schools and reverts to English Exam results from areas which dropped English have declined, the education minister says, announcing the U-turn. 7 hrs ago 8 hrs ago A simple guide to what is happening in Sudan Sudan was thrown into disarray in 2023 when its army and a paramilitary group began a power struggle. 8 hrs ago 22 hrs ago The fallout from Nigeria's spectacular $25m museum and the Benin Bronzes Nigeria’s stunning new Museum of West African Art (Mowaa) finds itself in the crosshairs of local power politics. 22 hrs ago 1 day ago At least six die in crush at Ghana military recruitment event Thousands had turned up to El-Wak stadium, in the capital Accra, with hopes of being enlisted. 1 day ago 1 day ago 'It's their loss': South African leader hits back at Trump's decision to skip G20 summit Trump said it was a "total disgrace" that South Africa was hosting this month's summit. 1 day ago 1 day ago Wife and son of Gabon's ousted leader given 20-year jail terms in two-day corruption trial They were not in court and have described the charges against them as “a legal farce”. 1 day ago 1 day ago Nigerians praise young soldier for standing up to powerful minister The confrontation struck a chord with many Nigerians because of Nyesom Wike's political stature. 1 day ago 1 day ago Brothers charged with South African rapper's murder after extradition The Ndimande brothers returned after a lengthy battle to block their extradition from Eswatini. 1 day ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 14 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/asia
News News Asia China India Indian police investigate Kashmir link to Delhi blast Investigators are checking if the blast has any links to the recent arrests of seven men by Kashmir police. 12 hrs ago Asia Thai king becomes country's first monarch to visit China It's the first-ever visit to China by a reigning Thai monarch, amid warming bilateral ties. 13 hrs ago Asia All five members of K-pop group NewJeans set to return to label after legal battle NewJeans has been locked in a legal battle with Ador, accusing the agencyof mistreatment and manipulation, which it denies. 1 day ago Asia Thailand extradites owner of Myanmar scam city to China She Zhijiang is one of the biggest figures linked to South East Asia's cyberscam operations. 2 days ago Asia Drugs disguised as tea keep washing up on this S Korean holiday island Some 28kg of ketamine have been found washed up on the island's beaches in the past two months. 16 hrs ago Asia Delhi blast was terror incident, Indian government says India's government says it unequivocally condemns the "dastardly and cowardly act" that killed eight people. 1 day ago Asia Thirteen hours by touch – inside one of the world's longest exam days South Korea's national college entry exam is notoriously hard - but blind students face unique challenges. 23 hrs ago Asia  Australia at risk of 'high-impact sabotage' from China, says spy chief Mike Burgess says state-linked hackers have tried to access water, transport and energy networks. Taliban order women to wear burkas to access hospitals, charity says Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) says each restriction "translates into delayed or denied medical care". Watch: Australian windsurfer escapes shark attack Andy McDonald recalls moment he encountered a shark while windsurfing in Western Australia this week. Suicide bombing in Islamabad kills 12, says Pakistan's interior minister Mohsin Naqvi says the bomber tried to gain entry to a court complex but was unable to get inside. Evidence of ancient tree-climbing 'drop crocs' found in Australia Scientists say the crocodiles hunted like leopards by climbing trees and killing prey below. Features How the Japan PM's Taiwan remarks provoked the fury of China Sanae Takaichi drew fire after suggesting Tokyo could take military action if Beijing attacked Taiwan. How an Afghan child bride became one of Europe's top bodybuilders Roya Karimi is getting ready to compete in the world bodybuilding championships, 15 years after fleeing Afghanistan. Two meals for $1: Why China's youth are not spending Economic uncertainty is encouraging some young people to cut back on their spending. India's start-ups fire up public markets amid valuation concerns Start-up fundraising has raised uncomfortable questions about valuations, but  signals a maturing ecosystem. Cryptoqueen who fled China for London mansion jailed over £5bn Bitcoin stash Qian Zhimin bought cryptocurrency using funds stolen from thousands of Chinese pensioners, say police. Latest updates 6 hrs ago Sheikh Hasina: The pro-democracy icon who became an autocrat Sheikh Hasina is credited for the country's economic progress but also accused of authoritarianism. 6 hrs ago 12 hrs ago Indian police investigate Kashmir link to Delhi blast Investigators are checking if the blast has any links to the recent arrests of seven men by Kashmir police. 12 hrs ago 13 hrs ago Thai king becomes country's first monarch to visit China It's the first-ever visit to China by a reigning Thai monarch, amid warming bilateral ties. 13 hrs ago 16 hrs ago Drugs disguised as tea keep washing up on this S Korean holiday island Some 28kg of ketamine have been found washed up on the island's beaches in the past two months. 16 hrs ago 22 hrs ago The case for and against counting castes in India A provocative new book warns that counting castes may entrench them further instead of dismantling the system. 22 hrs ago 23 hrs ago Thirteen hours by touch – inside one of the world's longest exam days South Korea's national college entry exam is notoriously hard - but blind students face unique challenges. 23 hrs ago 1 day ago Delhi blast was terror incident, Indian government says India's government says it unequivocally condemns the "dastardly and cowardly act" that killed eight people. 1 day ago 1 day ago Taliban order women to wear burkas to access hospitals, charity says Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) says each restriction "translates into delayed or denied medical care". 1 day ago 1 day ago All five members of K-pop group NewJeans set to return to label after legal battle NewJeans has been locked in a legal battle with Ador, accusing the agencyof mistreatment and manipulation, which it denies. 1 day ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 15 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/asia/china
News News Asia China India How the Japan PM's Taiwan remarks provoked the fury of China Sanae Takaichi drew fire after suggesting Tokyo could take military action if Beijing attacked Taiwan. 2 days ago Asia Thailand extradites owner of Myanmar scam city to China She Zhijiang is one of the biggest figures linked to South East Asia's cyberscam operations. 2 days ago Asia Two popular gay dating platforms removed from Apple app store in China The removal of Blued and Finka has raised concerns amongst the LGBT community in the country. 2 days ago Asia China exempts chips used by carmakers from export curbs The block on exports of the company's chips had raised fears that European car production would be hit. 4 days ago Business Two meals for $1: Why China's youth are not spending Economic uncertainty is encouraging some young people to cut back on their spending. 2 days ago Asia Australia at risk of 'high-impact sabotage' from China, says spy chief Mike Burgess says state-linked hackers have tried to access water, transport and energy networks. 2 days ago World Moment newly opened bridge partially collapses in China Local authorities in the southwestern province of Sichuan say there are no reports of casualties following the collapse. 2 days ago Asia  Features Battle over Chinese chip maker rocks global car industry In an extraordinary move, the Dutch government invoked a Cold War-era emergency law in relation to Nexperia. Cryptoqueen who fled China for London mansion jailed over £5bn Bitcoin stash Qian Zhimin bought cryptocurrency using funds stolen from thousands of Chinese pensioners, say police. Thousands of Chinese lured abroad and forced to be scammers - now Beijing is cracking down Myanmar's scam clans are being brought to justice in the full glare of Chinese state TV. 300 million tourists just visited China's stunning Xinjiang region. There's a side they didn't see China has repackaged Xinjiang into a tourist haven, touting "ethnic" experiences that activists say it's trying to erase. Handshakes and whispers: Trump and Xi's meeting…in 73 seconds Trump says the meeting with President Xi, which was their first face-to-face interaction since 2019, was a "great success". Latest updates 12 hrs ago How China won the world's EV battery race In 2005, China only had two EV battery manufacturers. Twenty years later, it produces more than three-quarters of the world's lithium-ion cells. How did it happen? 12 hrs ago 13 hrs ago Thai king becomes country's first monarch to visit China It's the first-ever visit to China by a reigning Thai monarch, amid warming bilateral ties. 13 hrs ago 2 days ago Thailand extradites owner of Myanmar scam city to China She Zhijiang is one of the biggest figures linked to South East Asia's cyberscam operations. 2 days ago 2 days ago Australia at risk of 'high-impact sabotage' from China, says spy chief Mike Burgess says state-linked hackers have tried to access water, transport and energy networks. 2 days ago 2 days ago Two popular gay dating platforms removed from Apple app store in China The removal of Blued and Finka has raised concerns amongst the LGBT community in the country. 2 days ago 2 days ago Two meals for $1: Why China's youth are not spending Economic uncertainty is encouraging some young people to cut back on their spending. 2 days ago 2 days ago How the Japan PM's Taiwan remarks provoked the fury of China Sanae Takaichi drew fire after suggesting Tokyo could take military action if Beijing attacked Taiwan. 2 days ago 2 days ago Moment newly opened bridge partially collapses in China Local authorities in the southwestern province of Sichuan say there are no reports of casualties following the collapse. 2 days ago 2 days ago Cryptoqueen who fled China for London mansion jailed over £5bn Bitcoin stash Qian Zhimin bought cryptocurrency using funds stolen from thousands of Chinese pensioners, say police. 2 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 16 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/asia/india
News News Asia China India Indian police investigate Kashmir link to Delhi blast Investigators are checking if the blast has any links to the recent arrests of seven men by Kashmir police. 12 hrs ago Asia The case for and against counting castes in India A provocative new book warns that counting castes may entrench them further instead of dismantling the system. 22 hrs ago Asia India's data centre boom confronts a looming water challenge Energy hungry, water-guzzling data centres could affect India's decarbonisation plans, say experts. 4 days ago Asia Dozens detained after rare protest demanding Delhi clean up its toxic air Over the past three weeks, the air quality in Delhi and its suburbs has been hazardous, and it continues to worsen. 4 days ago Asia India's start-ups fire up public markets amid valuation concerns Start-up fundraising has raised uncomfortable questions about valuations, but  signals a maturing ecosystem. 2 days ago Asia Schools go hybrid as Delhi's air quality worsens Delhi's air quality has deteriorated to "severe" levels, which can seriously impact those with existing diseases. 2 days ago Asia 'There was blood everywhere': Delhi residents recount horror of huge car explosion Eyewitnesses describe what they saw after the blast near the Red Fort in the Indian capital. 3 days ago Asia  Features Harshita was murdered a year ago - so why has her killer not been caught, family ask Police have charged Harshita Brella's husband with murder - but, despite sightings, he remains on the run. Gurinder Chadha on Bend It Like Beckham sequel and new film Christmas Karma The director on pressure to get her sequel right, while also working on a reimagining of A Christmas Carol. Why tech giants are offering premium AI tools to millions of Indians for free Experts say India’s vast, diverse and young user base makes it a key market for global AI expansion. Blame game over Air India crash goes on A judge in India's Supreme Court has insisted that nobody can blame the aircraft's captain. 'I thought it was a prank' - How a Brazilian woman became the face of India vote fraud row Congress MP Rahul Gandhi alleges that Larissa Nery's photo appeared on the voters' list in Haryana 22 times. Watch Verified videos show aftermath of explosion in Delhi Police say eight people have been killed after a car explodes near Delhi's Red Fort landmark in India. Fans celebrate India women's World Cup win India's women's cricket team beat South Africa by 52 runs in the final on Sunday night. Trump imitates India's PM Narendra Modi in South Korea Trump impersonated Modi while recalling his conversations from the May India-Pakistan conflict Woman saved after slipping while boarding a moving train Video released by India’s Southern Railways shows the moment a woman nearly fell in between a moving train and a station platform. Millions of Diwali lamps light up Indian town to set new world record A record 2.6 million earthen lamps were lit on Sunday in Ayodhya, Uttar Pradesh. Latest updates 12 hrs ago Indian police investigate Kashmir link to Delhi blast Investigators are checking if the blast has any links to the recent arrests of seven men by Kashmir police. 12 hrs ago 16 hrs ago South Africa in India 2025 Fixtures for South Africa's tour of India, featuring two Tests, three ODIs and five Twenty20 internationals. 16 hrs ago 22 hrs ago The case for and against counting castes in India A provocative new book warns that counting castes may entrench them further instead of dismantling the system. 22 hrs ago 1 day ago Delhi blast was terror incident, Indian government says India's government says it unequivocally condemns the "dastardly and cowardly act" that killed eight people. 1 day ago 2 days ago Schools go hybrid as Delhi's air quality worsens Delhi's air quality has deteriorated to "severe" levels, which can seriously impact those with existing diseases. 2 days ago 2 days ago India's start-ups fire up public markets amid valuation concerns Start-up fundraising has raised uncomfortable questions about valuations, but  signals a maturing ecosystem. 2 days ago 2 days ago Modi says those behind Delhi blast that killed eight 'will not be spared' Anti-terror police are now investigating the cause of the explosion on Monday. 2 days ago 3 days ago 'There was blood everywhere': Delhi residents recount horror of huge car explosion Eyewitnesses describe what they saw after the blast near the Red Fort in the Indian capital. 3 days ago 3 days ago At least eight killed after car explodes near Delhi's Red Fort Twenty more were injured in the blast, the cause of which is still unknown, authorities say. 3 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 17 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/australia
News News Australia Australia police arrest 'fortune teller' accused of running $46m scam Police say mother convinced victims to take out loans by predicting a 'billionaire' in their future. 19 hrs ago Australia Australia at risk of 'high-impact sabotage' from China, says spy chief Mike Burgess says state-linked hackers have tried to access water, transport and energy networks. 2 days ago World Once a sure thing, Australia's bid to host COP31 falters amid deadlock with Turkey If no agreement is reached between the two countries, the German city of Bonn will host by default. 3 days ago Australia New 'Lucifer' bee with devil-like horns found in Australia The native bee was found near a rare wildflower, prompting scientists to call for the area to be protected. 3 days ago Australia Evidence of ancient tree-climbing 'drop crocs' found in Australia Scientists say the crocodiles hunted like leopards by climbing trees and killing prey below. 2 days ago Australia Watch: Australian windsurfer escapes shark attack Andy McDonald recalls moment he encountered a shark while windsurfing in Western Australia this week. 2 days ago Australia Hazlewood cleared of injury but Abbott out of Test Josh Hazlewood is cleared to join Australia’s squad for the first Ashes Test against England after an injury scare, but fellow pace bowler Sean Abbott is ruled out. 2 days ago Australia  Features & Analysis 'Sea legs meant I couldn't bowl' - when England travelled to Australia by boat Wonderful food, the Duke of Norfolk and Fred Trueman refusing to run laps - England's 1962-63 tour of Australia, the last time they travelled by boat. 'Nestflix': Peregrine falcon livestream has Australians glued to their screens Fans of the birds, whose lives have been compared to Game of Thrones, are currently waiting with bated breath for this year's chicks to fledge. Friendly Albanese-Trump meeting masks Australia's creeping doubts about US The talks in Washington were a win for Australia, but at home many are nervous about the relationship. Fatal attack revives debate over controversial shark nets in Australia The use of controversial shark nets was about to be scaled back in Sydney when a surfer was killed. The sunscreen scandal shocking Australia - the world's skin cancer hotspot It has shaken consumer trust and raised questions about global sunscreen regulation. Watch/Listen Slow-motion footage reveals secrets of snake bites Scientists working out of a venom laboratory in Paris studied which snakes strike their prey fastest. Trump to Australian ambassador: 'I don't like you either' In 2020, Kevin Rudd wrote on social media that he believed Trump was the 'most destructive' president in US history. Watch: Millions of red crabs begin annual migration on Christmas Island The island off mainland Australia experiences the event every summer, when around 50 million crabs scuttle down from their homes to the beach to lay eggs. Watch: Brits row from Peru to Australia in tiny boat Jess Rowe and Miriam Payne told the BBC how they made the six-month journey unsupported, catching fish and growing their own vegetables. Watch: Dolphin calf rescued from fishing line entanglement The mother and calf were spotted in late September, with the young dolphin’s swimming ability noticeably impeded by a fishing line caught around its tail. Latest updates 19 hrs ago Australia police arrest 'fortune teller' accused of running $46m scam Police say mother convinced victims to take out loans by predicting a 'billionaire' in their future. 19 hrs ago 2 days ago Watch: Australian windsurfer escapes shark attack Andy McDonald recalls moment he encountered a shark while windsurfing in Western Australia this week. 2 days ago 2 days ago Hazlewood cleared of injury but Abbott out of Test Josh Hazlewood is cleared to join Australia’s squad for the first Ashes Test against England after an injury scare, but fellow pace bowler Sean Abbott is ruled out. 2 days ago 2 days ago Evidence of ancient tree-climbing 'drop crocs' found in Australia Scientists say the crocodiles hunted like leopards by climbing trees and killing prey below. 2 days ago 3 days ago New 'Lucifer' bee with devil-like horns found in Australia The native bee was found near a rare wildflower, prompting scientists to call for the area to be protected. 3 days ago 3 days ago Once a sure thing, Australia's bid to host COP31 falters amid deadlock with Turkey If no agreement is reached between the two countries, the German city of Bonn will host by default. 3 days ago 4 days ago John Laws, veteran Australian talkback radio host nicknamed 'Golden Tonsils', dies aged 90 The successful but polarising Australian broadcaster had a career spanning more than 70 years. 4 days ago 6 days ago 'Nestflix': Peregrine falcon livestream has Australians glued to their screens Fans of the birds, whose lives have been compared to Game of Thrones, are currently waiting with bated breath for this year's chicks to fledge. 6 days ago 7 days ago Man catches fire after power bank overheats at Melbourne airport lounge Staff helped the man, aged in his 50s, into a shower and he was treated for burns to his leg and fingers. 7 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 18 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/europe
News News Europe Germany paves way to conscription as defence boss sees strongest EU army in five years Berlin has agreed a new military service plan to boost troop numbers to 260,000 by 2035. 2 hrs ago Europe France remembers Bataclan attacks but knows enemy has not gone away As France marks 10 years since the Paris attacks, an ex-girlfriend of a jihadist survivor is arrested for an alleged plot of her own. 12 hrs ago Europe Italy investigates claims of tourists paying to shoot civilians in Bosnia in 1990s Italians and others are alleged to have paid large sums to fire at Bosnians risking their lives in besieged Sarajevo. 1 day ago Europe Serbia's energy reliance on Russia comes unstuck facing US oil sanctions President Vucic has traded barbs with the Kremlin amid differences over gas supplies and Serbia's arms trade. 2 days ago Europe Russia's attacks have ramped up - Ukraine is fighting to hold on through another winter Years of conflict have taken their toll and the war of attrition is continuing on the homefront - but Ukrainians are fighting back hard by trying to keep morale high 16 hrs ago BBC InDepth French relief as Algeria frees jailed novelist at centre of diplomatic crisis Almost a year to the day after Boualem Sansal was arrested, the Algerian president grants him a pardon. 15 hrs ago World Major corruption scandal engulfs top Zelensky allies The Ukrainian president has called for the justice and energy ministers to be removed from their posts. 1 day ago Europe  Danish man given suspended sentence for sharing nude film scenes on Reddit Police said the man shared 347 clips of naked actors on the social media site, which were viewed 4.2 million times. Fog helps Russian forces push deeper into key Ukrainian city of Pokrovsk A video has gone viral showing Russian soldiers openly driving into the city on civilian cars and motorbikes. How an Afghan child bride became one of Europe's top bodybuilders Roya Karimi is getting ready to compete in the world bodybuilding championships, 15 years after fleeing Afghanistan. Former French president Sarkozy released from prison after three weeks The former French president was jailed in October for conspiring to fund his election campaign with money from late Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi. Turkey demands more than 2,000 years in jail for popular Istanbul mayor Istanbul's chief prosecutor accuses Ekrem Imamoglu and 400 others of running a corruption network. Features & Analysis What Hungary's Orban did - and didn't - get from Trump On the surface, the Hungarian PM's trip was exactly what he wanted, but the full picture is more complex, writes the BBC's Nick Thorpe. Ukrainians would like to watch comedies - but for now their culture is defined by war Nearly four years on from Russia's invasion, the arts are back but the war permeates everything. South Africans trapped in Donbas after joining Russia-Ukraine war, Ramaphosa says It is unclear whether the citizens were fighting on behalf of Russia or Ukraine. Freed in Trump deal: Prisoners in exile tell of brutality behind bars in Belarus They were freed in September under a deal between Belarus's authoritarian leader Alexander Lukashenko and US President Donald Trump. 'My skin was peeling' - the African women tricked into making Russian drones A BBC investigation finds evidence that young African women are being tricked into building Russian drones. Watch/Listen Watch: Russia's AI robot falls seconds after being unveiled Footage shows the moment Russia's first anthropomorphic robot fell just seconds after its debut Queues and protests: BBC at the Shein store opening in Paris The online shopping giant opened its first physical shop in the world - in a Parisian department store. Watch: Train smashes into truck at Dutch level crossing Five people sustained minor injuries but nobody was seriously hurt in the incident in Meteren. Watch: Moment nuclear plant towers collapse during demolition Two nuclear cooling towers in the town of Gundremmingen, Germany, collapse into large swirls of thick, white dust during demolition. 'Heist made it more exciting to go to the Louvre': Tourists react as museum reopens The famous Paris museum reopened on Wednesday, three days after millions of euros worth of jewellery stolen in broad daylight. Latest updates 2 hrs ago Germany paves way to conscription as defence boss sees strongest EU army in five years Berlin has agreed a new military service plan to boost troop numbers to 260,000 by 2035. 2 hrs ago 8 hrs ago Pope Leo XIV appoints his first Irish bishop Bishop Niall Coll of Ossory has been appointed as the new Bishop of Raphoe. 8 hrs ago 9 hrs ago Sinn Féin member expelled after partner's far-right arrest Sinn Féin's national spokesperson says the woman was expelled after "she failed to notify the party that her home was raided". 9 hrs ago 12 hrs ago France remembers Bataclan attacks but knows enemy has not gone away As France marks 10 years since the Paris attacks, an ex-girlfriend of a jihadist survivor is arrested for an alleged plot of her own. 12 hrs ago 12 hrs ago Fisherman dies after falling overboard in County Donegal The incident happened at about 13:25 GMT near Arranmore on Tuesday. 12 hrs ago 1 day ago Italy investigates claims of tourists paying to shoot civilians in Bosnia in 1990s Italians and others are alleged to have paid large sums to fire at Bosnians risking their lives in besieged Sarajevo. 1 day ago 1 day ago Major corruption scandal engulfs top Zelensky allies The Ukrainian president has called for the justice and energy ministers to be removed from their posts. 1 day ago 1 day ago Woman found guilty of murdering two men in 2014 Two men were found shot dead on Inchicup Island on Lough Sheelin, in 2014, five weeks after they went missing. 1 day ago 1 day ago Danish man given suspended sentence for sharing nude film scenes on Reddit Police said the man shared 347 clips of naked actors on the social media site, which were viewed 4.2 million times. 1 day ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

