## 1 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/topics/c2vdnvdg6xxt
News News Israel-Gaza war Israel receives body from Gaza after PM says soldier killed in 2014 to be returned Formal identification has not yet taken place, but Benjamin Netanyahu said Hadar Goldin's body was due to be handed over. 3 hrs ago Middle East Israel says body of Lior Rudaeff has been returned from Gaza Lior Rudaeff died defending Nir Yitzhak kibbutz during the Hamas attack on 7 October 2023, the Israeli military said. 1 day ago Middle East Israel says Hamas returned body of Israeli-US soldier held hostage Itay Chen's remains were returned to Israel via the Red Cross on Tuesday, meaning seven dead hostages now remain in Gaza. 4 days ago Middle East Israeli military's ex-top lawyer arrested over leak of video allegedly showing Palestinian detainee abuse Maj Gen Yifat Tomer-Yerushalmi resigned on Friday, admitting leaking a video allegedly showing abuse of a Palestinian detainee. 6 days ago Middle East Released Israeli hostage says he was sexually assaulted in Gaza captivity In an interview with Israeli TV, Rom Braslavski described how he was stripped naked and tied up by members of Palestinian Islamic Jihad. 2 days ago Middle East Israel says Hamas returned body of dead Tanzanian hostage Joshua Mollel, a 21-year-old agriculture student, was killed at Kibbutz Nir Oz during the Hamas-led 7 October 2023 attack on Israel. 3 days ago World Inside Gaza, BBC sees total devastation after two years of war With endless rubble and destroyed streets as far as the eye can see, any plans for Gaza's future are a far cry from where it is today, writes Lucy Williamson. 4 days ago Middle East Analysis The battle over Gaza's future: Why no-one can agree on the rebuild From AI-powered super cities to designs that capture its 'soul and spirit', plans have already been draw up - but political obstacles remain Can the Gaza ceasefire deal survive? Its prospects depend heavily on the continuing engagement of the Trump White House, writes Frank Gardner. Watch: UN official says Gaza ruins 'like Hiroshima' Humanitarian chief Tom Fletcher talk to the BBC about scenes of despair he witnessed on a recent trip to the costal enclave. New images show Israeli control line deeper into Gaza than expected Israel has placed boundary markers up to 520m deeper inside Gaza than expected under the ceasefire deal with Hamas. Bowen: Trump's role in Gaza ceasefire was decisive, but not a roadmap to peace Trump's Middle East visit was a victory lap - but peace does not emerge just because a president decides it. Human stories Gaza children dying as they wait for Israel to enable evacuations Around 15,000 Gazans are waiting for urgent medical treatment, according to the UN. Gaza doctors struggle to investigate 'signs of torture' on unnamed dead returned by Israel Photographs show bodies with multiple signs of injury and wrists tied behind their backs. UN's top court says Israel obliged to allow UN aid into Gaza The court also says Israel has not substantiated its allegations against the UN agency for Palestinian refugees. 'I'm 89 and I saw my homeland rebuilt before - but now I don't believe Gaza has a future' One Palestinian family shares their story of life coming full circle - and what they believe lies ahead as talk turns to rebuilding Gaza A lucky cat, a tattered football: The things Gazans kept close during two years of war The BBC speaks to Palestinians about the keepsakes and essentials they have held on to. Watch and listen again on iPlayer and Sounds Jeremy Bowen: Chances of peace in the Middle East The BBC's International Editor reflects on the ongoing peace efforts Latest updates 3 hrs ago Israel receives body from Gaza after PM says soldier killed in 2014 to be returned Formal identification has not yet taken place, but Benjamin Netanyahu said Hadar Goldin's body was due to be handed over. 3 hrs ago 1 day ago Israel says body of Lior Rudaeff has been returned from Gaza Lior Rudaeff died defending Nir Yitzhak kibbutz during the Hamas attack on 7 October 2023, the Israeli military said. 1 day ago 1 day ago Who are the released hostages? The Israeli military says 20 living hostages have been released by Hamas and have returned to Israel. 1 day ago 2 days ago Maccabi fan ban was due to hooliganism, say police West Midlands Police did not previously reveal its reasons because "it wasn't deemed helpful". 2 days ago 2 days ago Released Israeli hostage says he was sexually assaulted in Gaza captivity In an interview with Israeli TV, Rom Braslavski described how he was stripped naked and tied up by members of Palestinian Islamic Jihad. 2 days ago 2 days ago Four held after protesters set off flares during Israeli orchestra concert in Paris Clashes broke out during one of three disruptions to the performance featuring conductor Lahav Shani. 2 days ago 2 days ago Arrests as hundreds protest at Villa-Maccabi match Eleven men are held amid a huge police operation near Villa Park involving 700 officers. 2 days ago 2 days ago The battle over Gaza's future: Why no-one can agree on the rebuild From AI-powered super cities to designs that capture its 'soul and spirit', plans have already been draw up - but political obstacles remain 2 days ago 3 days ago Israel says Hamas returned body of dead Tanzanian hostage Joshua Mollel, a 21-year-old agriculture student, was killed at Kibbutz Nir Oz during the Hamas-led 7 October 2023 attack on Israel. 3 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 2 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/war-in-ukraine
News News War in Ukraine Six dead as Russia hits energy and residential sites in Ukraine Overnight, 25 locations including Kyiv were hit, leaving many areas without electricity and heating. 1 day ago Europe Ukrainians would like to watch comedies - but for now their culture is defined by war Nearly four years on from Russia's invasion, the arts are back but the war permeates everything. 2 days ago Europe Zelensky visits troops near embattled front line town of Pokrovsk Fierce battles are taking place in the Donetsk town that Russia has been trying to occupy for over a year. 5 days ago Europe Nato 'will stand with Ukraine' to get long-lasting peace, senior official tells BBC Admiral Giuseppe Cavo Dragone tells the BBC the Russia-Ukraine war is bogged down, and it is "almost time to sit and talk". 7 days ago Europe Russian soldier sentenced to life in jail in unprecedented Ukrainian trial In the first ruling of its kind, Dmitry Kurashov was found guilty of killing an unarmed Ukrainian soldier who had surrendered. 3 days ago Europe Why the fall of this city would matter to Ukraine and Russia The battle for Pokrovsk - on a big road and rail artery in the Donetsk region - has been going on for well over a year. 3 days ago Europe South Africans trapped in Donbas after joining Russia-Ukraine war, Ramaphosa says It is unclear whether the citizens were fighting on behalf of Russia or Ukraine. 3 days ago World Analysis In Russia's 'blitz' of Ukraine, the question of appeasement is back A large gulf remains between the US and European view of how to end the Ukraine war. What's the significance of US sanctions on Russian oil? The new measures target Moscow's ability to fund its war machine, the US Treasury said. Rosenberg: Trump abandons carrot and wields stick over Putin in Ukraine talks The BBC's Russia editor says Trump's decision to call off his Putin talks and impose oil sanctions will not go down well in Moscow. Why Trump made breakthrough in Gaza but can't with Putin over Ukraine The leaders' cancelled summit is just the latest twist in Trump's efforts to broker an end to the war, writes Anthony Zurcher. How would US Tomahawk missiles change the Ukraine-Russia war? The BBC's Jonathan Beale explains what impact the weapons might have if the US decides to send them to Ukraine. On the ground The 'Heroes of Kharkiv' who saved 48 children from kindergarten hit by Russian drone The story of a dramatic and heroic rescue that has captured the public imagination in Ukraine. Ukrainian city in total blackout after 'massive' Russian assault Across the wider region, four people are reported to have been killed and 10 others injured. Russia intensifies attacks on Ukraine's trains in 'battle for the railways' In the last two months, Russia has hugely upped its attacks on Ukraine's trains and rail network. Indian student captured by Ukraine joined Russian army to avoid drug charges, says mother Gujarat’s Sahil Majothi joined the Russian army to avoid jail over alleged drug charges. The new AI arms race changing the war in Ukraine Both Ukraine and Russia use AI in battle, but removing human decision-making comes with risks. Q&A: Trump's sanctions, Putin's nuclear drills, and Zelensky's poll ratings Your questions answered as the US puts new sanctions on Russian oil companies. Latest updates 4 hrs ago UK to help protect Belgium after suspected Russian drone incursions Sir Richard Knighton, the UK military chief, says his Belgian counterpart requested assistance in the form of personnel and equipment this week. 4 hrs ago 1 day ago Six dead as Russia hits energy and residential sites in Ukraine Overnight, 25 locations including Kyiv were hit, leaving many areas without electricity and heating. 1 day ago 1 day ago Hungarian PM 'got what he wanted' in talks with Trump Donald Trump has exempted Hungary from sanctions over its continued purchases of Russian oil and gas for one year, a White House official has confirmed to BBC News. 1 day ago 2 days ago Trump gives Hungary one-year exemption from Russian energy sanctions The opt-out comes despite the US increasing pressure on allies to sever economic ties with Russia. 2 days ago 2 days ago Ukrainians would like to watch comedies - but for now their culture is defined by war Nearly four years on from Russia's invasion, the arts are back but the war permeates everything. 2 days ago 3 days ago Russian soldier sentenced to life in jail in unprecedented Ukrainian trial In the first ruling of its kind, Dmitry Kurashov was found guilty of killing an unarmed Ukrainian soldier who had surrendered. 3 days ago 3 days ago Why the fall of this city would matter to Ukraine and Russia The battle for Pokrovsk - on a big road and rail artery in the Donetsk region - has been going on for well over a year. 3 days ago 3 days ago South Africans trapped in Donbas after joining Russia-Ukraine war, Ramaphosa says It is unclear whether the citizens were fighting on behalf of Russia or Ukraine. 3 days ago 4 days ago Teen Ukrainian army medic on dealing with friends dying Sophia Yanchevska, 19, talks to Ukrainecast about working on the front line. 4 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 3 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/us-canada
News News US & Canada How Trump could hamper Zohran Mamdani's New York agenda Trump has taken a number of actions against Democratic-led cities that experts say could slow Mamdani's goals. 1 day ago US & Canada More than 1,400 flights cancelled as US air traffic cuts enter second day Thousands more flights have been delayed or cancelled as the reduction of air travel capacity continues during the federal government shutdown. 17 hrs ago US & Canada US Supreme Court rules full Snap food benefits can be temporarily halted The programme has been left in limbo during the US government shutdown, with the White House saying it can't afford it. 24 hrs ago US & Canada 4 dead, 13 injured after street racer slams into crowd at Tampa bar A Florida man has been arrested after he lost control of his speeding car, which  slammed into the patio of a bar in Tampa early on Saturday. 18 hrs ago US & Canada Trailer Park Boys' Mike Smith charged with sexual assault - reports Mike Smith, who plays Bubbles in the Canadian series, has been charged in Nova Scotia with an alleged 2017 sexual assault, according to reports. 33 mins ago US & Canada US authorities ground cargo plane model after Kentucky air disaster Three firms told to stop operating MD-11 and MD-11F planes until safety checks are carried out. 14 hrs ago US & Canada US cleaning woman shot dead after arriving at wrong home Police say they found Maria Florinda Rios Perez, 32, dead after she was shot on the front porch of a home in an Indianapolis suburb. 20 hrs ago US & Canada LA Dodgers' Alex Vesia shares death of baby daughter after sitting out World Series Los Angeles Dodgers' pitcher Alex Vesia and his wife, Kayla, say their newborn daughter died midway through the team's World Series run. Elon Musk's $1tn pay deal approved by Tesla shareholders The richest man in the world will get hundreds of millions of new shares if he hits his targets. Trump gives Hungary one-year exemption from Russian energy sanctions The opt-out comes despite the US increasing pressure on allies to sever economic ties with Russia. Serbia clears the way for controversial Trump-linked property plan The president's son-in-law wants to build a hotel on the ruins of the former Yugoslav Army headquarters. DNA pioneer James Watson dies at 97 Watson co-discover the double-helix structure of DNA, but his reputation was later damaged by his comments on race and sex. Watch/Listen Watch: What New Yorkers want Mamdani to do as mayor The 34-year-old will become the city's first Muslim mayor and the youngest in more than a century when he is sworn in on 1 January 2026. Mamdani says he's a democratic socialist. What does that mean? President Donald Trump has attacked the New York City mayor-elect's political label and claims he is a communist. Ros Atkins on… A year since Trump’s election victory A year after Donald Trump’s election victory over Kamala Harris, Ros Atkins looks at how his second term has unfolded. Watch: The Iraq war to a hunting accident, Cheney's defining moments Key moments that helped shape the legacy of one of America’s most influential, and divisive, vice presidents. Watch: Moment train collides with lorry carrying vehicles According to police in Texas, the truck was transporting a full load of cars when it stopped on the railroad tracks. Features What does Elon Musk do with all his money? While he has a penchant for cars and jets, the world's richest person reportedly lives a relatively modest life. James Watson: Controversial discoverer of 'the secret of life' James Watson, the godfather of DNA who discovered the "secrets of life" has died aged 97. In Pictures: The race to discover the secrets of DNA Photos and letters show how James Watson and Francis Crick raced to uncover the double helix structure of DNA. Quiz: How big is one trillion? Can you fathom the scale of Elon Musk's pay rise? From gas to groceries, has Trump kept his promise to tackle rising prices? President Trump promised to bring down inflation. One year on from his victory, BBC Verify revisits some of his claims. Latest updates 33 mins ago Trailer Park Boys' Mike Smith charged with sexual assault - reports Mike Smith, who plays Bubbles in the Canadian series, has been charged in Nova Scotia with an alleged 2017 sexual assault, according to reports. 33 mins ago 14 hrs ago US authorities ground cargo plane model after Kentucky air disaster Three firms told to stop operating MD-11 and MD-11F planes until safety checks are carried out. 14 hrs ago 17 hrs ago More than 1,400 flights cancelled as US air traffic cuts enter second day Thousands more flights have been delayed or cancelled as the reduction of air travel capacity continues during the federal government shutdown. 17 hrs ago 18 hrs ago 4 dead, 13 injured after street racer slams into crowd at Tampa bar A Florida man has been arrested after he lost control of his speeding car, which  slammed into the patio of a bar in Tampa early on Saturday. 18 hrs ago 20 hrs ago US cleaning woman shot dead after arriving at wrong home Police say they found Maria Florinda Rios Perez, 32, dead after she was shot on the front porch of a home in an Indianapolis suburb. 20 hrs ago 24 hrs ago US Supreme Court rules full Snap food benefits can be temporarily halted The programme has been left in limbo during the US government shutdown, with the White House saying it can't afford it. 24 hrs ago 1 day ago LA Dodgers' Alex Vesia shares death of baby daughter after sitting out World Series Los Angeles Dodgers' pitcher Alex Vesia and his wife, Kayla, say their newborn daughter died midway through the team's World Series run. 1 day ago 1 day ago Why the US government has shut down and what happens now The current US government shutdown has become the longest on record, and it is not clear when it will end. 1 day ago 1 day ago These 40 US airports may face flight cuts due to government shutdown Thousands of flights have been cancelled or delayed at major US airports, and some major airlines are offering passengers refunds or flight changes at no cost. 1 day ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 4 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/uk
News News UK UK Politics England N. Ireland Scotland Wales King leads two-minute silence at Remembrance Sunday service King Charles III laid a wreath at the Cenotaph during the service attended by 20 World War Two veterans. 5 hrs ago UK HMRC to review suspending 23,500 child benefit payments The tax body had used travel data to conclude that thousands of parents had left the country permanently but many say they just went on holiday. 6 hrs ago Business Nursing watchdog 'should've acted faster on Letby', new boss says Lucy Letby was free to work without any restrictions imposed by the regulator until she was charged. 19 mins ago England Lisa Nandy apologises for breaking rules on football regulator Report finds that new football regulator chair David Kogan had made two separate donations of £1,450 to the culture secretary. 5 hrs ago Politics BBC bosses treating 'systemic bias' allegations seriously, culture secretary says The broadcaster's chair is set to issue a response to a parliamentary committee over claims a Panorama documentary misled viewers. 4 hrs ago Culture UK to help protect Belgium after suspected Russian drone incursions Sir Richard Knighton, the UK military chief, says his Belgian counterpart requested assistance in the form of personnel and equipment this week. 4 hrs ago Europe Experts say flu season could be worst for a decade The NHS has now issued a "flu jab SOS" as fears grow that this will add up to a brutal winter. 5 hrs ago Health Inquiry to review rise in young people not working or studying Former Labour Health Secretary Alan Milburn will lead the investigation, with conclusions set to be published next summer. Man accused of sexually assaulting boy at campsite dies in jail John Bell was charged over an incident at Loch Ness Bay campsite in which a boy was approached in his tent in the early hours. Large quantities of plastic pellets wash up on beach Large quantities of the small plastic pellets have washed up on the coastline at Camber. Artists heartbroken as police drop vandalism case Two South Shields artists say they are being harassed by those they believe damaged their gallery. Tomb collapse exposes underground crypt from 1700s The church says it is currently unclear whether the collapse has damaged any surrounding graves. Watch/Listen King Charles leads Remembrance Sunday service silence at Cenotaph King Charles III laid a wreath at the monument in central London as the nation remembered its war dead. 'She was always apologising', John Cleese pays tribute to co-star Prunella Scales The actor was on the BBC Breakfast sofa where he spoke about his on-screen wife, Prunella Scales, who died last week. Catching the American fugitive who faked his own death Convicted sex offender Nicholas Rossi assumed a new identity and fled to Scotland to escape justice. 'Do you want to die?' - Train attack victim describes confrontation with alleged attacker Stephen Crean was among those injured in a knife attack on a train in Cambridgeshire on Saturday evening. 'There's a weather photograph anywhere you can be proud of' Damien Walmsley has been a BBC Weather Watcher for a decade. Features & analysis Bend It Like Beckham director has a sequel - and a spin on a Christmas classic The director on pressure to get her sequel right, while also working on a reimagining of A Christmas Carol. Honesty boxes should be dying like cash. But many are flourishing Once found by the roadside offering local produce for a few pence, honesty boxes are being reborn via social media. 'The best friend you'd love to have' - How Claudia Winkleman conquered TV She's taken The Traitors to new heights - but what's next comes with risk, too. One man's campaign for Commonwealth war graves restoration in Iraq Tens of thousands of UK and Commonwealth soldiers died in Iraq in the two World Wars. Women are hiding their boyfriends online and there's more than one reason why Many women seem reluctant to hard-launch their relationship on social media - but what's behind that? More from the UK Nursing watchdog 'should've acted faster on Letby' Lucy Letby was free to work without any restrictions imposed by the regulator until she was charged. Remembrance Sunday marked across Northern Ireland Belfast's ceremony began with a two-minute silence where First and Deputy First Ministers Michelle O'Neill and Emma Little-Pengelly were amongst those to lay wreaths. Man accused of sexually assaulting boy at campsite dies in jail John Bell was charged over an incident at Loch Ness Bay campsite in which a boy was approached in his tent in the early hours. Neurodivergent children left to 'fall through the cracks' Parents of "the gap children" with additional needs say suitable education provision is crucial. Latest updates 2 hrs ago A moment of stillness for Royal Family at poignant Remembrance King Charles was joined by about 20 World War Two veterans at the annual Remembrance Sunday commemorations. 2 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Charities awarded £427k by Channel Islands Lottery Grants were awarded to groups providing access to physical activities and support networks. 4 hrs ago 5 hrs ago 'Terrible cost of conflict' remembered in services Remembrance Sunday services in Guernsey and Jersey pay tribute to "brave men and women". 5 hrs ago 5 hrs ago King leads two-minute silence at Remembrance Sunday service King Charles III laid a wreath at the Cenotaph during the service attended by 20 World War Two veterans. 5 hrs ago 5 hrs ago King Charles leads Remembrance Sunday service silence at Cenotaph King Charles III laid a wreath at the monument in central London as the nation remembered its war dead. 5 hrs ago 10 hrs ago 'Latitude's essence remains 20 years on' - founder Melvin Benn says the festival has not changed "that much" as it approaches a big anniversary. 10 hrs ago 11 hrs ago Weekly round-up: Stories you may have missed The rejection of hotel plans and a teenager chosen for the UK Youth Parliament are in the headlines. 11 hrs ago 12 hrs ago Inquiry to review rise in young people not working or studying Former Labour Health Secretary Alan Milburn will lead the investigation, with conclusions set to be published next summer. 12 hrs ago 18 hrs ago Prince George joins Kate, King and Queen at Festival of Remembrance The royals attended the annual event at the Royal Albert Hall on the eve of Remembrance Sunday. 18 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 5 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/politics
News News UK UK Politics England N. Ireland Scotland Wales BBC bosses treating 'systemic bias' allegations seriously, Nandy says The broadcaster's chair is set to issue a response to a parliamentary committee over claims a Panorama documentary misled viewers. 4 hrs ago Culture UK seeks Danish inspiration to shake up immigration system Home Secretary Shabana Mahmood is taking cues from some of the toughest migration laws in Europe. 19 hrs ago Politics Finance secretary may have to 'revisit' no tax rise pledge Shona Robison says the chancellor's Budget decisions later this month could put unforeseen pressure on Scotland's finances. 4 hrs ago Scotland Inquiry to review rise in young people not working or studying Former Labour Health Secretary Alan Milburn will lead the investigation, with conclusions set to be published next summer. 12 hrs ago UK UK to help protect Belgium after suspected Russian drone incursions Sir Richard Knighton, the UK military chief, says his Belgian counterpart requested assistance in the form of personnel and equipment this week. 4 hrs ago Europe HMRC to review suspending 23,500 child benefit payments The tax body had used travel data to conclude that thousands of parents had left the country permanently but many say they just went on holiday. 6 hrs ago Business Nandy apologises for breaking rules on football regulator appointment Report finds that new football regulator chair David Kogan had made two separate donations of £1,450 to the culture secretary. 5 hrs ago Politics Stand-off over £800,000 Your Party funds Your Party officials accuse Zarah Sultana of withholding funds despite publicly agreeing to transfer the money. Social housing funding pledge of more than £1.5bn The government says regional mayors will have the power to decide where the homes will be built. Whip restored to four Labour MPs after rebellion Chris Hinchliff says his focus remains on contributing to "Labour's historic mission". Labour should stick to manifesto pledge on tax, deputy leader says The government has repeatedly refused to rule out increasing income tax in this month's Budget. Davey wants to 'work with government' on electoral reform The Liberal Democrat leader backs replacing first-past-the-post with proportional representation. Features and analysis Chris Mason: The justice system is failing - the buck stops with Lammy Problems in the prisons and the courts are not new but they are growing and the government doesn't have a grip on them. Chris Mason: Could Reeves break a 50-year taboo by raising income tax in her Budget? It is more than half a century since a chancellor chose to put up the basic rate of income tax. What a UK government led by Reform would really look like What the party's first six months at the helm at local level shows about how they govern - and whether they can keep their promises Will Bank of England governor play Santa or Scrooge on interest rates? The interest rate decision was made by the narrowest of margins, meaning all eyes are now on the Bank's December meeting. 'Taxes are going up' - BBC decodes Reeves's pre-Budget speech Henry Zeffman analyses what may be in the chancellor's upcoming budget plans. From our Political Editor Chris Mason The justice system is failing - the buck stops with Lammy Problems in the prisons and the courts are not new but they are growing and the government doesn't have a grip on them. Could Reeves break a 50-year taboo by raising income tax in her Budget? It is more than half a century since a chancellor chose to put up the basic rate of income tax. As crises pile up, can the Home Office be fixed? The government confronts a cluster of catastrophes, all linked to small boat crossings. Will Lucy Powell's win turn things around for Labour? Chris Mason looks at what Lucy Powell's return to frontline politics might mean for Labour. Chris Mason: Extraordinary Caerphilly by-election humbles Westminster's big beasts Plaid Cymru win 47% of the vote in a record turnout, while Labour and the Tories manage just 13% between them. BBC InDepth What a UK government led by Reform would really look like What the party's first six months at the helm at local level shows about how they govern - and whether they can keep their promises The battle is on for the Conservatives to show they matter As the party's annual conference begins, there are reasons for the current leadership to be gloomy, writes Laura Kuenssberg. How much trouble is Labour in - and is the PM the right man for the job? Ahead of Labour's annual conference, Laura Kuenssberg talks to ministers, MPs and advisers about Starmer's position. Nick Robinson: How the simmering row over freedom of speech in the UK reached boiling point How did we reach a point where the UK is being compared to a 'tin pot Third World dictatorship'? Trump's state visit is mired with potential pitfalls despite careful planning Months of preparations have gone into this state visit - but the Lord Mandelson question is not the only concern troubling insiders. Watch/Listen Reform UK school taxi letter used as 'political football' Council leader George Finch answered questions on home-to-school transport on BBC CWR on Friday. Watch: US election night's big winners… in 90 seconds Zohran Mamdani, who will become New York City's youngest mayor since 1892, said in his victory speech that his win was a 'mandate for change'. 'Taxes are going up' - BBC decodes Reeves's pre-Budget speech Henry Zeffman analyses what may be in the chancellor's upcoming budget plans. Why is there a no confidence motion in the education minister? Paul Givan responds to criticism after visiting a school in Israel. Panorama Panorama investigates the 'PayPal Mafia' and their influence on Trump’s rise to president.

## 6 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/england
News News UK UK Politics England N. Ireland Scotland Wales King leads two-minute silence at Remembrance Sunday service King Charles III laid a wreath at the Cenotaph during the service attended by 20 World War Two veterans. 5 hrs ago UK Care workers charged following BBC Panorama probe Two care workers are charged with the ill-treatment of four people at a mental health unit in 2022. 2 hrs ago Manchester Tomb collapse exposes underground crypt from 1700s The church says it is currently unclear whether the collapse has damaged any surrounding graves. 5 hrs ago Somerset ADHD scheme a 'lightbulb moment' for offenders A scheme to detect ADHD to prevent offenders from returning to custody is rolled out across Cumbria. 10 hrs ago Cumbria Large quantities of plastic pellets wash up on beach Large quantities of the small plastic pellets have washed up on the coastline at Camber. 4 hrs ago Sussex 'We can change a panto dame in 16 seconds' A mother and daughter duo from Leeds explain how they keep the panto backstage chaos in check. 10 hrs ago West Yorkshire Arrest as earthmover stolen and driven across Wolverhampton city centre West Midlands Police says a 41-year-old man remains in custody. 3 hrs ago England Attempted murder charge over Birmingham stab attack A woman in her 30s was stabbed in the neck outside the Bullring shopping centre on Friday. Magic shop where Dynamo and Daniels honed skills to close after 50 years Magick Lounge opened in 1975 and counts Paul Daniels as a customer, but owner is now retiring. Artists heartbroken as police drop vandalism case Two South Shields artists say they are being harassed by those they believe damaged their gallery. Hurricane Melissa: 'We're amazed by the community's help' The Afro-Caribbean National Artistic centre in St Ann's is sending supplies to the stricken regions. Rare orchid brought back from brink of extinction Cambridge University Botanic Garden and partners have been working to successfully reintroduce the species. Remembrance Sunday 'Our thoughts are always with those still serving' John Hardy, who served in the Gulf War, attends a Remembrance Sunday parade in London. 'My pride at dad's service in British Indian Army' Mashuq Hussain from Colne says he is "so proud" of his father - who waited 50 years for his WW2 medals. The town which held the first two-minute silence The silence took place in Castle Street in Farnham on 10 May 1916 before an agricultural fair. Vandalised soldiers fixed for Remembrance Sunday The World War One Tommy silhouettes in Ossett were targeted last weekend and repaired on Saturday. The hero dog who parachuted into France on D-Day Bing is honoured with a sculpture ahead of a Remembrance service on Sunday. Stories to make you smile Veteran cricketer declares at 85 years old Gerald Cooke only took up the game after deputising for his injured son 38 years ago. 'Huge milestone' as rare leopard cub born at zoo An Amur leopard cub is born at Dartmoor Zoo in a boost for conservation efforts. Man's letter leads to appearance on Clarkson's Farm Furniture specialist Martin Taylor describes appearing on the show as a "fantastic experience". Features & Analysis 'I couldn't speak after my stroke, but now I sing' A singing club in Cuckfield helps stroke patients with aphasia reconnect and communicate. When warring troops stopped fighting and shared a picnic Prof Nick Megoran says the picnic on Aka island is as remarkable as the 1914 Christmas Day truce. Forgotten racecourse revealed in Victorian images The BBC unearths images of a long-lost racecourse on land now occupied by MediaCityUK at Salford Quays. Back from the brink: UK red kites aid Spanish cousins A project to revive red kite populations in south-west Spain sees new mating pairs and chicks. Bob Dylan heading to city for 'phone-free' gig Bob Dylan will play at Coventry Building Society Arena on 13 November as part of his UK tour. Watch/Listen Watch: Cyclist's near miss as car crashes off road Video shows the moment a car skids sideways, narrowly missing a man on a bike, before crashing. 1 day ago Northamptonshire Watch: Norwich City fans protest ahead of Manning sacking Hundreds of Norwich City fans protest outside Carrow Road after the Canaries' seventh straight home loss. 22 hrs ago Norfolk Greg James takes to skies with Red Arrows Pudsey Bear challenges Radio 1's Greg James to raise money for disadvantaged children in the UK. 4 days ago Lincolnshire Shoplifter's getaway foiled by chief constable Sir Stephen Watson spotted the thief and thwarted his escape. 2 days ago Manchester 'It's on the wonk and covered in brown': Town ridicules its Christmas tree Passers-by criticise the fir's many browning needles, with one man saying it looks "a bit dead". 3 days ago Cambridgeshire Sport LIVE Premier League: Haaland penalty saved with Man City & Liverpool goalless Follow live text coverage and radio commentary as Manchester City take on Liverpool in the Premier League. Latest updates 1 hr ago 'Our thoughts are always with those still serving' John Hardy, who served in the Gulf War, attends a Remembrance Sunday parade in London. 1 hr ago 2 hrs ago West of England falls silent for Remembrance Day Parades and services were held in Bristol, Gloucestershire, Somerset and Wiltshire. 2 hrs ago 3 hrs ago Arrest as earthmover stolen and driven across city West Midlands Police says a 41-year-old man remains in custody. 3 hrs ago 3 hrs ago Vandalised soldiers fixed for Remembrance Sunday The World War One Tommy silhouettes in Ossett were targeted last weekend and repaired on Saturday. 3 hrs ago 4 hrs ago South East pays its respects to the fallen Services, parades and two-minute silences are taking place across Surrey, Sussex and Kent. 4 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Woman seriously injured after being hit by car Police say a 50-year-old man is under arrest and remains in custody. 4 hrs ago 5 hrs ago Why Fin Smith is England's number one fly-half In his latest BBC Sport column, World Cup winner Matt Dawson outlines why Fin Smith should be England's starting fly-half against New Zealand on Saturday. 5 hrs ago 6 hrs ago Pudsey Bear to dragon boats: Yorkshire stories to make you smile Across Yorkshire people are doing amazing things every day of the week - find out more about them. 6 hrs ago 6 hrs ago Wearside stories you might have missed An artwork made by veterans and a promised housing boost are among the stories to make headlines. 6 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 7 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/northern_ireland
News News N. Ireland N. Ireland Politics Remembrance Sunday marked across Northern Ireland Belfast's ceremony began with a two-minute silence where First and Deputy First Ministers Michelle O'Neill and Emma Little-Pengelly were amongst those to lay wreaths. 2 hrs ago Northern Ireland King leads two-minute silence at Remembrance Sunday service Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer and Conservative Party leader Kemi Badenoch have joined the King in laying wreaths at the monument What's the shape of Stormont's finances? Ministers agreed a £100m overspend to fund a health pay deal, so how will it affect their budgets? 11 hrs ago Northern Ireland Politics Child reportedly assaulted at Strabane sports event Police say they received reports of assaults in the Ballycolman Estate area on Saturday afternoon. 59 mins ago Northern Ireland DUP will not be represented at Irish presidential inauguration Alliance MLA Paula Bradshaw says the DUP should send an alternative representative to Deputy First Minister Emma Little-Pengelly. 1 hr ago Northern Ireland Politics New HIV protection jab approved for use in Northern Ireland The move to introduce cabotegravir injections brings Northern Ireland into line with Great Britain. 2 hrs ago Northern Ireland HMRC to review suspending 23,500 child benefit payments The tax body had used travel data to conclude that thousands of parents had left the country permanently but many say they just went on holiday. 6 hrs ago Business Pedestrian killed after being hit by car in Coleraine named Police have said Jamie Mitchell was 24 years old and from the Portrush area. Meet Pam and Sian - bossing the badminton world aged 63 Meet the three-time senior badminton world champions showing no signs of stopping. 'Did you give a lift to a hitchhiker?' - appeal over 1995 Jo Jo Dullard disappearance Josephine “Jo Jo” Dullard was 21 when she went missing from Moone in County Kildare in 1995. McIlroy falls just short as Rai wins in Abu Dhabi Aaron Rai holds off the challenge of Tommy Fleetwood in a play-off to win the Abu Dhabi Championship after a thrilling final round at the Yas Links. Huge sense of pride to play Roy Keane in new film, says Cork actor The film is based on the fallout between Roy Keane and Mick McCarthy during Ireland's 2002 World Cup preparations. Features & Analysis Will the new night buses save Belfast's nightlife? A new late-night bus pilot aims to improve people getting in and out of Belfast late on weekends - but the city's night czar says it is a case of use it or lose it. Knitters create thousands of poppies to mark Remembrance Day Displays of military uniforms, diaries and medals are among the ways Ahoghill and Richhill are marking Remembrance Day. 'Changing rooms being used as classrooms,' as special school pupil numbers rise One school principal says the increase has led to changing rooms being used as classrooms and added pressure on teachers. 'Shining a light on female rock bands' and celebrating grassroots The festival, taking place until 16 November, is dedicated to local artists and spread across 27 venues. Foyle & West Car burnt out in racially-motivated hate crime It happened in the Irish Green Street area of the town in the early hours of Friday, police say. Man dies after being struck by car The man was pronounced dead at the scene following a collision near Grange Lane on Thursday. Lyra McKee murder accused denied pub job bail change Jordan Devine, from Londonderry, is charged with murdering Ms McKee on 18 April 2019. Government freezes assets linked to New IRA It is also imposing sanctions on Kieran Gallagher, from Londonderry, who it believes is involved in terrorist activity. Listen: North West Today A round-up of local news, sport and weather across the north west of Northern Ireland. Republic of Ireland FAI approves motion to call on Uefa to ban Israel The FAI has approved a motion to call on Uefa to ban Israel from European club and international competitions. Little-Pengelly turns down Irish presidential inauguration invite Northern Ireland's deputy first minister says she is unable to attend Catherine Connolly's inauguration due to Remembrance Day commitments. Extremists threatened to attack a mosque and migrant hotels, court hears Garrett Pollock, 35, from Annalong, County Down, and Karolis Peckauskas, 38, from Drogheda, County Louth, appeared before a special court sitting. Infants' remains found at Tuam site excavation Excavators say it will take time to determine if the remains date from the time of a former mother-and-baby home at Tuam. Two men arrested after fire at asylum accommodation Gardaí commenced an investigation into the alleged attempted arson of the property in Drogheda, County Louth. More BBC News NI on iPlayer & Sounds Good Morning Ulster Wake up to Good Morning Ulster and get all the news and analysis from home and abroad. The Nolan Show Breaking news and hard-hitting talk about the big stories of the day. Talkback Highlights from Talkback. William Crawley and guests discuss the news headlines. Evening Extra All the day’s news and analysis with Richard Morgan. BBC Newsline The latest news for Northern Ireland. The State of Us Tara Mills and Declan Harvey react and reflect on news stories in a BBC NI podcast. Red Lines The back-stop’s here? Bad puns with top political coverage from BBC Northern Ireland. The View Mark Carruthers provides comment and expert analysis on the week's political news Spotlight Hard-hitting investigations on the stories that matter in Northern Ireland. Sunday Politics Northern Ireland Mark Carruthers with the latest political news, interviews and debate. Latest updates 59 mins ago Child reportedly assaulted at Strabane sports event Police say they received reports of assaults in the Ballycolman Estate area on Saturday afternoon. 59 mins ago 2 hrs ago Remembrance Sunday marked across Northern Ireland Belfast's ceremony began with a two-minute silence where First and Deputy First Ministers Michelle O'Neill and Emma Little-Pengelly were amongst those to lay wreaths. 2 hrs ago 2 hrs ago New HIV protection jab approved for use in Northern Ireland The move to introduce cabotegravir injections brings Northern Ireland into line with Great Britain. 2 hrs ago 11 hrs ago Meet Pam and Sian - bossing the badminton world aged 63 Meet the three-time senior badminton world champions showing no signs of stopping. 11 hrs ago 20 hrs ago Huge sense of pride to play Roy Keane in new film, says Cork actor The film is based on the fallout between Roy Keane and Mick McCarthy during Ireland's 2002 World Cup preparations. 20 hrs ago 1 day ago Pedestrian killed after being hit by car in Coleraine named Police have said Jamie Mitchell was 24 years old and from the Portrush area. 1 day ago 1 day ago 'Use it or lose it' as new late-night buses announced Translink announced details of a pilot scheme that will see night buses running on Friday and Saturdays from the end of the month. 1 day ago 1 day ago 'Shining a light on female rock bands' and celebrating grassroots The festival, taking place until 16 November, is dedicated to local artists and spread across 27 venues. 1 day ago 1 day ago Will the new night buses save Belfast's nightlife? A new late-night bus pilot aims to improve people getting in and out of Belfast late on weekends - but the city's night czar says it is a case of use it or lose it. 1 day ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 8 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/northern_ireland/northern_ireland_politics
News News N. Ireland N. Ireland Politics DUP will not be represented at Irish presidential inauguration Alliance MLA Paula Bradshaw says the DUP should send an alternative representative to Deputy First Minister Emma Little-Pengelly. 1 hr ago Northern Ireland Politics Little-Pengelly turns down Irish presidential inauguration invite Northern Ireland's deputy first minister says she is unable to attend Catherine Connolly's inauguration due to Remembrance Day commitments. 2 days ago Northern Ireland Politics Stormont choices 'may add to funding pressures', says Benn Hilary Benn refused to be drawn on whether the Budget later this month would involve tax rises. 4 days ago Northern Ireland Politics Guidance for businesses on NI's post-Brexit trade deal 'not fit for purpose' The panel said information was "poorly presented, unwieldy and needs to be significantly improved". 4 days ago Northern Ireland Politics PSNI pay deal possible before end of year, says Long The justice minister was speaking after the health minister announced he has been given approval to award pay parity to healthcare workers. 2 days ago Northern Ireland Politics Backdated health workers' pay award to go ahead, says minister A pay offer aimed at avoiding industrial action by healthcare workers has been made by the Department of Health. 3 days ago Northern Ireland 'Sinister attack' on Alliance headquarters 'tried to incite fear' It was reported on Wednesday that graffiti had been sprayed onto external windows, door shutters and a fence. 3 days ago Northern Ireland MLAs told cooperation over environment agency is 'crucial' Andrew Muir says assembly members should "put their money where their mouth is" and support the plan for an independent environment agency. Any tax increase must be 'fair and progressive' UK Chancellor Rachel Reeves refuses to rule out rises, saying she will make the "necessary choices". Israel trip given 'clean bill of health', minister says Stormont's Education Minister Paul Givan continues to face criticism over his six-day tour of Israel. Council vote no confidence in education minister after walking out The motion proposed by Sinn Féin councillor Caoimhín McCann was approved by 40 votes to 15. Education minister says he has been 'vilified' over Israel trip The DUP says Paul Givan is "going nowhere" after PBP submit a no confidence motion which is backed by Sinn Féin and the SDLP.

## 9 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/scotland
News News Scotland Scotland Politics Man accused of sexually assaulting boy at campsite dies in jail John Bell was charged over an incident at Loch Ness Bay campsite in which a boy was approached in his tent in the early hours. 7 hrs ago Highlands & Islands Scotland falls silent for war dead on Remembrance Sunday First Minister John Swinney laid a wreath at Edinburgh City Chambers following the traditional two minutes of silence at 11:00 GMT. 2 hrs ago Scotland Crime author says book festival is like the 'spine' of her career Crime writer Denise Mina has been a stalwart of Aye Write since it started in 2005, only missing three. 9 hrs ago Glasgow & West Scotland Visitor levy: Economic sense or rural disaster? BBC news website readers give their views on a so-called "tourist tax" in Dumfries and Galloway. 8 hrs ago South Scotland Finance secretary may have to 'revisit' no tax rise pledge Shona Robison says the chancellor's Budget decisions later this month could put unforeseen pressure on Scotland's finances. 4 hrs ago Scotland LIVE Scottish Premiership: Kenny earns Celtic early lead; Motherwell hit back instantly at Aberdeen Listen to Sportsound and follow live text coverage of Sunday's four Scottish Premiership matches. We've travelled 5,000 miles to the 'holy place' of knitting A group of American men are among thousands of knitters who make the trip to Shetland. 8 hrs ago NE, Orkney & Shetland 'Scotland looked immortality in the eye and said not today' Tom English reflects on Scotland's "exhilarating and infuriating" display in the 25-17 defeat by New Zealand at Murrayfield. Woman hit by harmful substance in housing estate Emergency services were called to the estate in East Kilbride on Friday morning. Your pictures of Scotland A selection of photographs submitted to BBC Scotland News from around the country this week. Hibs go third with win over frustrated St Mirren St Mirren have two goals ruled out by VAR as Hibernian return to third in the Scottish Premiership. 'Some children do not realise they are in a prison' A support service giving tailored support to families with a parent in prison launches in Dumfries. Features and analysis Why are there never female headliners at TRNSMT festival? The organisers of Scotland's biggest music festival have been criticised for failing to book any female headliners for its ninth year in a row. A 20-minute date with a Tinder predator destroyed my life for years Nadia said the abuse started after she ended their date early because of "red flags". How Scottish parties will try to maximise election votes in six months Opinion polls point to a fifth SNP victory - but a lot could change in six months with parties working flat out for votes. Where is The Celebrity Traitors castle and can I ride the train? Ardross Castle in the Highlands has links to a controversial duke and Worcestershire sauce. How Scotland shaped Frankenstein on page and screen The latest film of the classic tale uses Scottish locations which inspired director Guillermo Del Toro. News from around Scotland Scotland falls silent for war dead on Remembrance Sunday First Minister John Swinney laid a wreath at Edinburgh City Chambers following the traditional two minutes of silence at 11:00 GMT. Man accused of sexually assaulting boy at campsite dies in jail John Bell was charged over an incident at Loch Ness Bay campsite in which a boy was approached in his tent in the early hours. Lose weight or lose your jobs, offshore workers told Thousands of offshore workers are too heavy for the limitations of helicopter winch systems. Visitor levy: Economic sense or rural disaster? BBC news website readers give their views on a so-called "tourist tax" in Dumfries and Galloway. Elderly man dies in hospital after three-vehicle crash John McClumpha, 81, was taken to Forth Valley Hospital after the collision in Alloa on Thursday morning. Sport LIVE Scottish Premiership: Kenny earns Celtic early lead; Motherwell hit back instantly at Aberdeen Listen to Sportsound and follow live text coverage of Sunday's four Scottish Premiership matches. LIVE Watch live netball: Scottish Thistles v New Zealand Silver Ferns Watch live netball as the Scottish Thistles take on New Zealand Silver Ferns. LIVE Celtic v Kilmarnock - commentary & updates from Celtic Park Follow live text commentary, score updates and match report from Celtic vs Kilmarnock in the Scottish Premiership. LIVE Hearts v Dundee United - commentary & updates from Tynecastle Follow live text commentary, score updates and match report from Hearts vs Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership. LIVE Dundee v Rangers - commentary & updates from Dens Park Follow live text commentary, score updates and match report from Dundee vs Rangers in the Scottish Premiership. More news on iPlayer and Sounds Reporting Scotland Big stories from across the country Scotcast The BBC's Scottish news podcast. Reporting Scotland: News at Seven More from the day’s top stories and communities across Scotland. Good Morning Scotland The nation's morning news programme. Latest updates 2 hrs ago Scotland falls silent for war dead on Remembrance Sunday First Minister John Swinney laid a wreath at Edinburgh City Chambers following the traditional two minutes of silence at 11:00 GMT. 2 hrs ago 4 hrs ago Finance secretary may have to 'revisit' no tax rise pledge Shona Robison says the chancellor's Budget decisions later this month could put unforeseen pressure on Scotland's finances. 4 hrs ago 9 hrs ago Scotland's papers: Autism test backlog and school hours overhaul plan A review of the front page stories from the daily newspapers in Scotland. 9 hrs ago 1 day ago Scotland's papers: Raising income tax 'would hit workers' and maternity plea A review of the front page stories from the daily newspapers in Scotland. 1 day ago 2 days ago Lose weight or lose your jobs, offshore workers told Thousands of offshore workers are too heavy for the limitations of helicopter winch systems. 2 days ago 2 days ago 'Substantial' risk to life from fire in school, report finds The BBC has seen the report which points out issues with fire doors, fire exits and the storage of combustibles at Lenzie Academy. 2 days ago 2 days ago Your pictures of Scotland: 31 October to 7 November A selection of photographs submitted to BBC Scotland News from around the country this week. 2 days ago 2 days ago Scotland's papers: Pupil terror watchlist and fireworks fears A review of the front page stories from the daily newspapers in Scotland. 2 days ago 2 days ago Cash prize to boost new art talent in Jack Vettriano's memory An award of £7,500 will boost the career of a new talent following in his footsteps.
The £7,500 prize will be given to an artist without any formal training through the Royal Scottish Academy 2 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 10 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/scotland/scotland_politics
News News Scotland Scotland Politics Finance secretary may have to 'revisit' no tax rise pledge Shona Robison says the chancellor's Budget decisions later this month could put unforeseen pressure on Scotland's finances. 4 hrs ago Scotland Alex Salmond died with debts of more than £340,000 Insolvency firm Begbies Traynor has named a trustee in sequestration to handle the former first minister's estate. 2 days ago Scotland Politics Swinney does not rule out tax hikes in Scotland The first minister was urged to give a "cast-iron" guarantee that he would not increase rates in the Budget. 3 days ago Scotland Politics Ministers to order investigation into maternity services The decision follows a BBC Disclosure documentary which heard calls for urgent action to improve safety. 3 days ago Scotland Politics How Scottish parties will try to maximise election votes in six months Opinion polls point to a fifth SNP victory - but a lot could change in six months with parties working flat out for votes. 2 days ago Scotland Politics Whip restored to suspended Labour MP Leishman Alloa and Grangemouth MP Brian Leishman is returning to the Labour benches after a four-month suspension. 2 days ago Tayside & Central Scotland Scottish government reveals plan to reach net zero targets by 2045 The route map includes targets to decarbonise building heat systems and phase out new petrol and diesel cars. 3 days ago Scotland Politics Record number of referrals made to anti-terrorism scheme Some 162 reports were made to Prevent, and extreme right-wing concerns made up the largest proportion. MSPs pass land reform which could force break up of huge estates The legislation is designed to help reduce the concentration of rural land ownership among a small number of people. Why the battle still rages over land ownership in Scotland The reaction to the Scottish government's wide-ranging new laws show the divided opinions on the issue. Mental health, buses and school meals - issues that matter to first-time voters Teenagers who could vote for the first time next year put politicians through their paces at an event in Dumfries. Fire safety law named in memory of Cameron House victims The Cameron House fire at Loch Lomond claimed the lives of London couple Simon Midgley and Richard Dyson in December 2017. Features and analysis Why is land reform on the agenda in Scotland? MSPs are set to vote on legislation which could allow the government to intervene in private land sales. Sabotage, betrayal, secrecy... and recycling How a £50m court case over Scotland's deposit return scheme turned into a political blockbuster. A bridge, 130 convictions and a 30-year fight: The tolls that made criminals of islanders More than 100 people received criminal convictions after refusing to pay tolls on the Skye Bridge. Why is the government being sued for £170m over a recycling scheme? A waste management firm has launched legal action over a beleaguered bottle return plan. Is the Scottish government softening on oil and gas? Has John Swinney shifted the Scottish government away from a "presumption against" new oil and gas?

## 11 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/wales
News News Wales Wales Politics Neurodivergent children left to 'fall through the cracks' Parents of "the gap children" with additional needs say suitable education provision is crucial. 10 hrs ago Wales LIVE Wales suffer record Argentina defeat in autumn opener Reaction as Wales suffer a record defeat by Argentina in their Autumn Nations Series opener. Rugby hooker called prostitute in Virgin Media Welsh translation gaffe Virgin Media apologises after using Welsh word for prostitute to describe Wales hooker Ryan Elias. 1 day ago Wales Senedd election to scrap overnight vote count The election is scheduled for 7 May 2026, with counting to begin the following day. 23 hrs ago Wales 'Superhero' boy burned saving sister, 2, from firework Olly, 11, suffers head, neck and finger burns saving his little sister Daisy from a firework. 10 hrs ago Wales Seal swims 14 miles up river and surprises anglers Grey juvenile seal surprises anglers and walkers after being seen far from the Welsh coast. 10 hrs ago Wales Wales falls silent with Remembrance Sunday services A national remembrance service takes place in Cardiff as communities pay their own tributes. 2 hrs ago Wales Concerns raised decade before paedophile head teacher jailed - parent Parents, pupils, and staff have said the paedophile head teacher created a culture of fear at his school. Matthew Rhys says playing Richard Burton 'terrifying' Matthew Rhys will play Richard Burton in a one-man show with the Welsh National Theatre this month. Two former Labour council leaders join Greens Robert James and Sean Morgan have both defected, according to the Green Party. When my wife died, Elis James reached out - now we're close mates The comedian contacted Geraint John after his wife Deb died and has helped him while he grieves. Family ordered to take down 2m garden fence It was put up without permission at their home between February and April. Features & analysis Botox was like going for coffee - but I had no idea if it was genuine Rules about administering drugs such as Botox and Mounjaro have not kept up, says Wales' regulator. Actor Paul Whitehouse's 'pride' in Welsh roots The comedian visited Wales with fellow comedian Bob Mortimer in their TV show Gone Fishing. My one-year-old eats books, toys, tables and even his cot Junior has a condition called pica that makes him crave and eat inedible objects. Traitors star is 'grateful for abnormal anatomy' A very rare condition led to an important diagnosis after years of pain for The Traitors star. Meet the 'silver influencers' taking TikTok and Instagram by storm Older women are carving out a niche online for people who want authentic content. Watch/Listen Having 'Botox like going to get a morning coffee' Lizzie Day says having Botox was as much a part of her routine as getting her morning coffee. 2 days ago Wales CCTV shows sex attacker follow victim from nightclub Fawaz Alsamaou is warned he is "highly likely" to be deported after serving his sentence. 4 days ago Sir Anthony Hopkins on playing the infamous Hannibal Lecter The Oscar-winning actor sat down with the BBC's Katie Razzall ahead of the release of his auto-biography We did OK, Kid. 6 days ago Lorry driver who blamed fatal crash on cough exposed by dashcam Mariusz Korkosz was driving incorrectly for almost 20 seconds before colliding head-on with a truck. 4 days ago Wales Widespread disruption as Wales hit by flooding Flood warnings are in places across Carmarthenshire, Pembrokeshire and Swansea. 4 days ago Sport Williams wins fourth Para-surfing world title Llywelyn Williams wins a gold medal for the fourth consecutive year at the ISA World Para Surfing Championship in California. Ogier cuts Evans' WRC lead to three points before Saudi finale Elfyn Evans will take a World Rally Championship lead of just three points into the final round of the season after rival Sebastien Ogier wins Rally Japan. Sheehan insists he is the right man to lead Swans Alan Sheehan insists he is the right man to lead Swansea City despite seeing his side's difficult run continue as they are thumped 4-1 at home  by Ipswich Town. Parkinson's home delights as Jones rues 'jinx' Wrexham Phil Parkinson lauded Wrexham's home improvements as Nathan Jones was left to rue Charlton Athletic's ever-increasing injury concerns. Innovative Haverfordwest aim to reach 'next level' Chairman Rob Edwards explains his ambitions for Cymru Premier side Haverfordwest, who are already acknowledged for innovation off the field. Stories from Cymru Fyw Sul y Cofio: 'Meddwl am ffrindiau na sydd yma fyddai i' Mae'n bwysig cofio'r gorffennol ond dysgu'r wers mai dioddefaint a chasineb yw gwaddol rhyfel, medd Cymdeithas y Cymod. Cyfres yr Hydref: Dechrau siomedig i gyfnod Cymru dan Steve Tandy Cymru'n colli'n drwm o 28-52 yn erbyn Yr Ariannin yn eu gêm gyntaf dan y prif hyfforddwr newydd Steve Tandy. Gŵyl Cerdd Dant: Cipolwg ar ddiwrnod da yn Aberystwyth Diwrnod llawn hwyl yng Ngŵyl Cerdd Dant 2025 wrth i gannoedd heidio i gystadlu yn Aberystwyth. Rhybudd melyn am ragor o law trwm yn y de ddydd Sul Mae'r Swyddfa Dywydd wedi cyhoeddi rhybudd melyn am law trwm ar hyd de Cymru ddydd Sul. Latest updates 20 mins ago Argentina overpower Tandy's Wales with record win New Wales head coach Steve Tandy suffers an opening defeat in his first game in charge as Argentina power to a record win in Cardiff. 20 mins ago 2 hrs ago Wales falls silent with Remembrance Sunday services A national remembrance service takes place in Cardiff as communities pay their own tributes. 2 hrs ago 10 hrs ago 'Superhero' boy burned saving sister, 2, from firework Olly, 11, suffers head, neck and finger burns saving his little sister Daisy from a firework. 10 hrs ago 10 hrs ago Seal swims 14 miles up river and surprises anglers Grey juvenile seal surprises anglers and walkers after being seen far from the Welsh coast. 10 hrs ago 10 hrs ago Neurodivergent children left to 'fall through the cracks' Parents of "the gap children" with additional needs say suitable education provision is crucial. 10 hrs ago 12 hrs ago New Tandy era aims to lift Wales from doldrums Wales kick-start a new era under Steve Tandy today, and fans will hope the arrival of the new head coach can help restore some pride to the Welsh jersey. 12 hrs ago 21 hrs ago Family ordered to take down 2m garden fence It was put up without permission at their home between February and April. 21 hrs ago 23 hrs ago Senedd election to scrap overnight vote count The election is scheduled for 7 May 2026, with counting to begin the following day. 23 hrs ago 23 hrs ago Wales v Argentina - all you need to know Wales will begin their autumn international campaign this Sunday when they host Argentina in Cardiff. 23 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 11

## 12 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/wales/wales_politics
News News Wales Wales Politics Senedd election to scrap overnight vote count The election is scheduled for 7 May 2026, with counting to begin the following day. 23 hrs ago Wales Two former Labour council leaders join Greens Robert James and Sean Morgan have both defected, according to the Green Party. 1 day ago Wales Welsh government has budget talk with independent MS A conversation has taken place between Russell George and the government about passing its budget. 3 days ago Wales Plastic wrap veg ban 'could mean more food waste' Minister responds to a call to make shops offer fruit and veg loose when less than 1.5kg is bought. 3 days ago Wales Greens hoping for 'historic Senedd breakthrough' The Greens pin hopes on first seat, promising 'a fresh voice', as members gather for party conference. 1 day ago Wales NHS Wales carbon emissions up by 20% since 2019 The rise comes despite targets to reduce emissions by 16%, with NHS Wales blaming outside suppliers. 2 days ago Wales Nato interest in 'lethal' Army vehicle, says minister The UK government says it's confident of allied interest in buying Wales-built Ajax armoured vehicle. 3 days ago Wales Lido and promenade part of seafront regeneration plans Proposals for Porthcawl also include new homes, public spaces and a hotel. NHS, housing and councils winners in budget plans But Welsh Labour does not have enough Senedd members to pass it without making a deal. Lack of school child safeguarding criticised by experts No national oversight of child safeguarding reviews in schools since 2018, the Welsh government confirms. Plaid Cymru and SNP discuss forming 'progressive alliance' Rhun ap Iorwerth and John Swinney said they want to give voters a "positive alternative" to Westminster. 'Concern' over exodus of Welsh-speakers to English universities Half of the pupils from Welsh-medium schools who started at university this year have left Wales.

## 13 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/africa
News News Africa Uganda president admits Kenyan activists were arrested and held in 'the fridge' Long-serving leader Yoweri Museveni blames "foreign groups" for stoking unrest. 6 hrs ago Africa The ex-president's daughter who faces terror-related charges South African Duduzile Zuma-Sambudla, accused of stoking deadly protests, denies the charges. 17 hrs ago Africa At least 240 charged with treason after Tanzania election violence Social media influencers and a prominent businessperson were among those charged. 2 days ago Africa Ugandans welcome war crimes charges against LRA leader Joseph Kony and demand his arrest The warlord remains at large but victims hope the ICC charges will renew efforts to capture him. 2 days ago Africa The president blamed for shattering Tanzania's aura of stability The manner of Samia Suluhu Hassan's re-election has earned the country a rare rebuke from the African Union. 8 hrs ago Africa US to boycott G20 in South Africa, Trump says South Africa responded to the decision, saying the success of he summit won't "rest on one member state". 13 hrs ago World Trove of records reveals Kenya's forgotten World War soldiers Thousands of Kenyans, who fought for Britain, are buried in unknown locations and were never commemorated. 2 days ago Africa Sudan civil war 'Our job is only killing' - how Sudan's brutal militia carried out a massacre BBC Verify tracks how the RSF killed unarmed people in a massacre that humanitarian officials believe left 2,000 dead. Sudan's life-saving community kitchens on verge of collapse This follows confirmation by a global hunger monitor that famine conditions are spreading in conflict zones. He made his money selling camels and gold. Now this warlord controls half of Sudan Mohamed Hamdan Dagalo will either lead a breakaway state or seek to take control of the whole country, Sudanese say. 'I was accused of spying and beaten' - a boy's escape from captured Sudan city A 12-year-old tells the BBC that in the chaos he lost contact with his family and is now on his own at a camp. Reports of mass killings in Sudan have echoes of its dark past Some are warning of a genocide unfolding in Darfur - violence that is linked to killings there 20 years ago. Features and analysis Panache, parades and power: Africa's top shots A selection of the week's best photos from across the African continent and beyond. Are Christians being persecuted in Nigeria as Trump claims? Donald Trump says thousands of Christians are being killed in Nigeria - where has he got the numbers from? Can Trump expel South Africa from the G20? The US leader has repeatedly accused South Africa of persecuting its white minority - which Pretoria denies. 'One of us': Ugandan pride in New York mayor with roots in their country A professor describes Mamdani as "one of us" while some young Ugandans take inspiration from the 34-year-old's victory. 'My skin was peeling' - the African women tricked into making Russian drones A BBC investigation finds evidence that young African women are being tricked into building Russian drones. I built this 'AI aunt' for women after family tragedy in South Africa An AI chatbot and app for victims of abuse to get help is being piloted in South Africa. Egypt's Grand Museum opens, displaying Tutankhamun tomb in full for first time The launch of the billion-dollar site sees fresh calls for the return of antiquities held in museums overseas. The 92-year-old president who never loses Cameroon's Paul Biya has extended his 43-year rule by winning a heavily disputed election. Sport 'Flying' Sarr easing Crystal Palace's Eze loss Ismaila Sarr shines as Crystal Palace earn first home victory in Europa Conference League this term. Being Premier League's only black manager 'a privilege' - Sao Tome-born Nuno The West Ham boss says he is "honoured" to act as a role model and believes there are "a lot" of talented black coaches who can follow in his footsteps. Morocco sweat as PSG star Hakimi ruled out for 'several weeks' Morocco suffer a blow before the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations as their captain Achraf Hakimi injures an ankle injury playing for PSG. 'Drug addiction' ends Williams' Zimbabwe career All-rounder Sean Williams will no longer be considered for selection after admitting to a drug addiction, Zimbabwe Cricket announces. Line-up for expanded 16-team Wafcon 2026 decided Cameroon, Egypt, Ivory Coast and Mali become the final four qualifiers for the 2026 Women's Africa Cup of Nations based on their world rankings. Watch/Listen We will never accept stolen votes, says Cameroon opposition leader Cameroon opposition leader Issa Tchiroma Bakary is adamant that he's the winner of the presidential election. Tyson hails Congolese roots on Rumble in the Jungle visit Mike Tyson was a hit with boxing fans in Kinshasa after embracing his African roots as part of ongoing celebrations for the iconic Rumble in the Jungle. Thousands of grief-stricken mourners attend Raila Odinga's funeral Thousands of mourners attend the state funeral of former Prime Minister Raila Odinga in Nairobi. The moment Madagascar's new president was sworn in Colonel Michael Randrianirina is sworn in as the new president of Madagascar at a ceremony in the capital. Police fire tear gas at crowds mourning former Kenyan prime minister Thousands of mourners fill the streets of Nairobi from the airport to the Kasarani Stadium to pay their respects. Programmes and podcasts Live: World Service for Africa Focus on Africa Podcast Three essential stories to round off your working day. Explaining the news from Africa. This is Africa Latest updates 6 hrs ago Uganda president admits Kenyan activists were arrested and held in 'the fridge' Long-serving leader Yoweri Museveni blames "foreign groups" for stoking unrest. 6 hrs ago 8 hrs ago The president blamed for shattering Tanzania's aura of stability The manner of Samia Suluhu Hassan's re-election has earned the country a rare rebuke from the African Union. 8 hrs ago 17 hrs ago The ex-president's daughter who faces terror-related charges South African Duduzile Zuma-Sambudla, accused of stoking deadly protests, denies the charges. 17 hrs ago 2 days ago Trove of records reveals Kenya's forgotten World War soldiers Thousands of Kenyans, who fought for Britain, are buried in unknown locations and were never commemorated. 2 days ago 2 days ago Panache, parades and power: Africa's top shots A selection of the week's best photos from across the African continent and beyond. 2 days ago 2 days ago Ugandans welcome war crimes charges against LRA leader Joseph Kony and demand his arrest The warlord remains at large but victims hope the ICC charges will renew efforts to capture him. 2 days ago 2 days ago British ex-soldier arrested over alleged murder of Kenyan woman in 2012 Robert James Purkiss faces extradition over allegations he murdered Agnes Wanjiru. 2 days ago 2 days ago EU forces free crew after Somali pirate attack on tanker The Hellas Aphrodite crew have been freed from armed Somali pirates who seized it the previous day. 2 days ago 2 days ago France advises citizens to leave Mali urgently amid jihadist fuel blockade The blockade, imposed by jihadists, has upended daily life in the landlocked nation. 2 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 14 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/asia
News News Asia China India Super typhoon makes landfall in Philippines as nearly a million evacuated Typhoon Fung-wong, with sustained winds of 185 km/h (115mph), made landfall on Sunday evening local time. 1 hr ago Asia BBC on Luzon Island as super typhoon hits Philippines Typhoon Fung-wong has made landfall in the Philippines, where more than 900,000 people have been evacuated. 3 hrs ago Asia Man jailed for life over 'monstrous' killing of family Febrio De-Zoysa was living in Ottawa with the parents and four children when he fatally stabbed them. 2 days ago World China launches new aircraft carrier in naval race with the US The Fujian uses electromagnetic catapults that allow planes to strike from a greater distance. 2 days ago Asia Dozens missing after migrant boat sinks near Malaysia-Thailand border Malaysian authorities are looking for more survivors after the vessel capsized near the resort of Langkawi. 5 hrs ago Asia Thousands of Chinese lured abroad and forced to be scammers - now Beijing is cracking down Myanmar's scam clans are being brought to justice in the full glare of Chinese state TV. 19 hrs ago Asia More than 50 people injured in blast at mosque in Jakarta school complex Authorities say a 17-year-old suspected of causing the explosion during Friday prayers is in surgery. 2 days ago Asia Small-town India to cricket World champions: The women who made history Many women in India's cricket World Cup winning team come from small towns and humble beginnings. British grandmother flies home after 12 years on Indonesian death row Lindsay Sandiford, who was sentenced to death in Indonesia in 2013, was freed on humanitarian grounds. Wife of abducted Malaysian pastor wins landmark lawsuit against state The high court held the government and police liable for what will be the largest sum for damages in Malaysian history. Great Barrier Reef may partially recover from 'grim future' if global warming stays below 2C A new study has found certain corals are more resilient in warmer waters, giving hope to the world-famous reef. Record turnout in Indian state election where Modi's party faces key test More than 74 million people in Bihar are eligible to vote in a key election that kicked off on Thursday. Features Miss Universe contestants walk out after organiser berates Miss Mexico Video of the incident, which was live streamed, has been shared widely on the internet. A popular rapper held over an influencer's death: What we know so far Police have reclassified Iris Hsieh's "sudden death" as murder and remanded Namewee in custody. Why a popular Hindu temple in India is mired in gold theft row The Kerala high court says some of the Sabarimala temple idols have been stripped of their gold covering. In Mamdani's New York win, India's Nehru finds an echo At his New York victory rally, Zohran Mamdani gave a nod to Nehru’s iconic speech marking India's independence. Affluent Indians drive boom in weight-loss drugs. But concerns are rising too Demand for weight-loss drugs has soared in India, home to millions with obesity and Type 2 diabetes. Latest updates 1 hr ago Super typhoon makes landfall in Philippines as nearly a million evacuated Typhoon Fung-wong, with sustained winds of 185 km/h (115mph), made landfall on Sunday evening local time. 1 hr ago 3 hrs ago BBC on Luzon Island as super typhoon hits Philippines Typhoon Fung-wong has made landfall in the Philippines, where more than 900,000 people have been evacuated. 3 hrs ago 5 hrs ago Dozens missing after migrant boat sinks near Malaysia-Thailand border Malaysian authorities are looking for more survivors after the vessel capsized near the resort of Langkawi. 5 hrs ago 16 hrs ago Bend It Like Beckham director has a sequel - and a spin on a Christmas classic The director on pressure to get her sequel right, while also working on a reimagining of A Christmas Carol. 16 hrs ago 19 hrs ago Thousands of Chinese lured abroad and forced to be scammers - now Beijing is cracking down Myanmar's scam clans are being brought to justice in the full glare of Chinese state TV. 19 hrs ago 19 hrs ago Iconic Indian comic publisher loses precious drawings in fire For millions of Indians, Amar Chitra Katha has been a gateway to stories about religion, mythology and history. 19 hrs ago 2 days ago Why tech giants are offering premium AI tools to millions of Indians for free Experts say India’s vast, diverse and young user base makes it a key market for global AI expansion. 2 days ago 2 days ago Blame game over Air India crash goes on A judge in India's Supreme Court has insisted that nobody can blame the aircraft's captain. 2 days ago 2 days ago More than 50 people injured in blast at mosque in Jakarta school complex Authorities say a 17-year-old suspected of causing the explosion during Friday prayers is in surgery. 2 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 15 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/asia/china
News News Asia China India China launches new aircraft carrier in naval race with the US The Fujian uses electromagnetic catapults that allow planes to strike from a greater distance. 2 days ago Asia Starbucks to sell majority stake in China business The coffee giant entered China more than a quarter of a century ago but has faced tough competition in recent years. 6 days ago Business Watch: US and China's different reports of their trade meeting The BBC's Laura Bicker explains how the two nation's have reported on the trade negotiations. 30 Oct 2025 World Handshakes and whispers: Trump and Xi's meeting…in 73 seconds Trump says the meeting with President Xi, which was their first face-to-face interaction since 2019, was a "great success". 30 Oct 2025 World 300 million tourists just visited China's stunning Xinjiang region. There's a side they didn't see China has repackaged Xinjiang into a tourist haven, touting "ethnic" experiences that activists say it's trying to erase. 8 days ago Asia China to loosen chip export ban to Europe after Netherlands row EU-China chip disputes alarmed carmakers amid concerns it could halt global car productions 1 Nov 2025 Europe Trump hails 'amazing' meeting with China's Xi but no formal trade deal agreed The US president and his Chinese counterpart met face-to-face for the first time in six years. 30 Oct 2025 World Features Trade, tariffs and TikTok: Why it matters that Trump and Xi are talking again The two leaders met face-to-face for the first time in six years on Thursday. Xi and Trump find temporary truce as China plays longer game Talks have helped to steady a rocky relationship between the world's top two economies - but the rivalry persists. Three things you need to know about the Trump-Xi meeting The two world leaders are set to hold talks in South Korea, after months of escalating trade tension between the US and China. China controls the rare earths the world buys - can Trump's new deals change that? The agreements are a clear bid to reduce dependence on China, ahead of a key meeting with Xi Jinping. Trump's week in Asia: BBC correspondents on the wins and potential losses Here's what you should know as the US president arrives for a whirlwind week of diplomacy. Latest updates 19 hrs ago Thousands of Chinese lured abroad and forced to be scammers - now Beijing is cracking down Myanmar's scam clans are being brought to justice in the full glare of Chinese state TV. 19 hrs ago 2 days ago China launches new aircraft carrier in naval race with the US The Fujian uses electromagnetic catapults that allow planes to strike from a greater distance. 2 days ago 4 days ago What tariffs has Trump announced and why? Trump's volatile trade policy has thrown the world economy into chaos, and put some US prices up. 4 days ago 5 days ago China sentences infamous Myanmar scam mafia members to death The Bai family is among notorious crime gangs ensnared in a crackdown on scam networks. 5 days ago 6 days ago Shein bans all sex dolls after outrage over childlike products Every listing and image related to the sex dolls has been removed from Shein's platform, the firm says. 6 days ago 6 days ago Starbucks to sell majority stake in China business The coffee giant entered China more than a quarter of a century ago but has faced tough competition in recent years. 6 days ago 6 days ago Trump's planned tests are 'not nuclear explosions', US energy secretary says Chris Wright says the tests will be "non-critical explosions", meaning that Americans would not be seeing mushroom clouds. 6 days ago 7 days ago Shein accused of selling childlike sex dolls in France The fast fashion giant says it delisted the items "immediately" from its website and is investigating. 7 days ago 8 days ago 300 million tourists just visited China's stunning Xinjiang region. There's a side they didn't see China has repackaged Xinjiang into a tourist haven, touting "ethnic" experiences that activists say it's trying to erase. 8 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 16 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/asia/india
News News Asia China India Iconic Indian comic publisher loses precious drawings in fire For millions of Indians, Amar Chitra Katha has been a gateway to stories about religion, mythology and history. 19 hrs ago Asia Gurinder Chadha on Bend It Like Beckham sequel and new film Christmas Karma The director on pressure to get her sequel right, while also working on a reimagining of A Christmas Carol. 16 hrs ago Asia Trump hints at India visit amid high-stakes trade deal talks Trump's remarks come amid uncertainty about whether the president will attend the Quad Summit in India. 2 days ago Asia In Mamdani's New York win, India's Nehru finds an echo At his New York victory rally, Zohran Mamdani gave a nod to Nehru’s iconic speech marking India's independence. 4 days ago World Why tech giants are offering premium AI tools to millions of Indians for free Experts say India’s vast, diverse and young user base makes it a key market for global AI expansion. 2 days ago Asia Blame game over Air India crash goes on A judge in India's Supreme Court has insisted that nobody can blame the aircraft's captain. 2 days ago Asia 'I thought it was a prank' - How a Brazilian woman became the face of India vote fraud row Congress MP Rahul Gandhi alleges that Larissa Nery's photo appeared on the voters' list in Haryana 22 times. 2 days ago Asia Small-town India to cricket World champions: The women who made history Many women in India's cricket World Cup winning team come from small towns and humble beginnings. 3 days ago Asia Features Players stranded, hotels unpaid - how a Kashmir cricket league turned into a fiasco The tournament which brought international stars to the region has left local cricketers disappointed. Why a popular Hindu temple in India is mired in gold theft row The Kerala high court says some of the Sabarimala temple idols have been stripped of their gold covering. Affluent Indians drive boom in weight-loss drugs. But concerns are rising too Demand for weight-loss drugs has soared in India, home to millions with obesity and Type 2 diabetes. Five moments that defined India's women's World Cup glory From three losses to flawless glory - India’s World Cup run was pure redemption and relentless resilience. I'm the luckiest man alive, but also suffering, says Air India crash sole survivor Viswashkumar Ramesh describes the pain and anguish he is enduring despite surviving the disaster. Watch Fans celebrate India women's World Cup win India's women's cricket team beat South Africa by 52 runs in the final on Sunday night. Trump imitates India's PM Narendra Modi in South Korea Trump impersonated Modi while recalling his conversations from the May India-Pakistan conflict Woman saved after slipping while boarding a moving train Video released by India’s Southern Railways shows the moment a woman nearly fell in between a moving train and a station platform. Millions of Diwali lamps light up Indian town to set new world record A record 2.6 million earthen lamps were lit on Sunday in Ayodhya, Uttar Pradesh. Five die after Indian city receives worst single-spell rainfall in years Several neighbourhoods in Kolkata have been inundated, with water entering people's homes. Latest updates 10 hrs ago Football fans raise £20k for Punjab flood relief Aston Villa fan group Punjabi Villans say they are "bursting with pride" to hand over the cheque. 10 hrs ago 16 hrs ago Bend It Like Beckham director has a sequel - and a spin on a Christmas classic The director on pressure to get her sequel right, while also working on a reimagining of A Christmas Carol. 16 hrs ago 19 hrs ago Iconic Indian comic publisher loses precious drawings in fire For millions of Indians, Amar Chitra Katha has been a gateway to stories about religion, mythology and history. 19 hrs ago 1 day ago India win Australia T20 series after Brisbane washout India claim a 2-1 win in their T20 series against Australia after the fifth and final match in Brisbane is washed out. 1 day ago 2 days ago Why tech giants are offering premium AI tools to millions of Indians for free Experts say India’s vast, diverse and young user base makes it a key market for global AI expansion. 2 days ago 2 days ago Blame game over Air India crash goes on A judge in India's Supreme Court has insisted that nobody can blame the aircraft's captain. 2 days ago 2 days ago 'I thought it was a prank' - How a Brazilian woman became the face of India vote fraud row Congress MP Rahul Gandhi alleges that Larissa Nery's photo appeared on the voters' list in Haryana 22 times. 2 days ago 2 days ago Record turnout in Indian state election where Modi's party faces key test More than 74 million people in Bihar are eligible to vote in a key election that kicked off on Thursday. 2 days ago 2 days ago Trump hints at India visit amid high-stakes trade deal talks Trump's remarks come amid uncertainty about whether the president will attend the Quad Summit in India. 2 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 17 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/australia
News News Australia Man catches fire after power bank overheats at Melbourne airport lounge Staff helped the man, aged in his 50s, into a shower and he was treated for burns to his leg and fingers. 3 days ago Australia Great Barrier Reef may partially recover from 'grim future' if global warming stays below 2C A new study has found certain corals are more resilient in warmer waters, giving hope to the world-famous reef. 4 days ago Australia Cruise ship that left woman to die on island boarded by investigators Officials from the Australian Maritime Safety Authority boarded the Coral Adventurer on Wednesday morning local time. 4 days ago Australia Reddit added to Australia's social media ban on under-16s The ban takes effect on 10 December and also includes Facebook, X, TikTok, YouTube and Instagram. 5 days ago Australia Australian teen charged over allegedly sticking googly eyes on 'Blue Blob' artwork A local council said the repairs to the bright blue sculpture would be 'significant'. 4 days ago Australia Cummins 'on track' to return for second Ashes Test Australia captain Pat Cummins says he is "on track" to play the second Ashes Test against England as he recovers from a back injury. 3 days ago Australia 'Addictive' diaries win prestigious non-fiction prize Helen Garner's How to End a Story: Collected Diaries is first diary to win Baillie Gifford prize. 4 days ago Culture Features & Analysis 'Australia not a bunch of old-timers - they're an outstanding team' Australia's squad is older than England's and many are playing in their last Ashes, but they remain an outstanding team, says Stephan Shemilt. Friendly Albanese-Trump meeting masks Australia's creeping doubts about US The talks in Washington were a win for Australia, but at home many are nervous about the relationship. Fatal attack revives debate over controversial shark nets in Australia The use of controversial shark nets was about to be scaled back in Sydney when a surfer was killed. The sunscreen scandal shocking Australia - the world's skin cancer hotspot It has shaken consumer trust and raised questions about global sunscreen regulation. Messages in a bottle from WWI soldiers found on Australian coast The notes were thrown overboard just a few days into a voyage to join the battlefields of France more than a century ago. Watch/Listen Slow-motion footage reveals secrets of snake bites Scientists working out of a venom laboratory in Paris studied which snakes strike their prey fastest. Trump to Australian ambassador: 'I don't like you either' In 2020, Kevin Rudd wrote on social media that he believed Trump was the 'most destructive' president in US history. Watch: Millions of red crabs begin annual migration on Christmas Island The island off mainland Australia experiences the event every summer, when around 50 million crabs scuttle down from their homes to the beach to lay eggs. Watch: Brits row from Peru to Australia in tiny boat Jess Rowe and Miriam Payne told the BBC how they made the six-month journey unsupported, catching fish and growing their own vegetables. Watch: Dolphin calf rescued from fishing line entanglement The mother and calf were spotted in late September, with the young dolphin’s swimming ability noticeably impeded by a fishing line caught around its tail. Latest updates 2 days ago 'Nestflix': Peregrine falcon livestream has Australians glued to their screens Fans of the birds, whose lives have been compared to Game of Thrones, are currently waiting with bated breath for this year's chicks to fledge. 2 days ago 3 days ago Man catches fire after power bank overheats at Melbourne airport lounge Staff helped the man, aged in his 50s, into a shower and he was treated for burns to his leg and fingers. 3 days ago 3 days ago Cummins 'on track' to return for second Ashes Test Australia captain Pat Cummins says he is "on track" to play the second Ashes Test against England as he recovers from a back injury. 3 days ago 4 days ago Australian teen charged over allegedly sticking googly eyes on 'Blue Blob' artwork A local council said the repairs to the bright blue sculpture would be 'significant'. 4 days ago 4 days ago Great Barrier Reef may partially recover from 'grim future' if global warming stays below 2C A new study has found certain corals are more resilient in warmer waters, giving hope to the world-famous reef. 4 days ago 4 days ago 'Australia not a bunch of old-timers - they're an outstanding team' Australia's squad is older than England's and many are playing in their last Ashes, but they remain an outstanding team, says Stephan Shemilt. 4 days ago 4 days ago Cruise ship that left woman to die on island boarded by investigators Officials from the Australian Maritime Safety Authority boarded the Coral Adventurer on Wednesday morning local time. 4 days ago 4 days ago Who are the players in Australia's Ashes squad? BBC Sport profiles the players in Australia's squad for the opening Ashes Test against England. 4 days ago 4 days ago Only one player under 30 in Australia Ashes squad Australia chief selector George Bailey says the squad for the first Ashes Test against England deserves "respect". 4 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 18 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/europe
News News Europe What Hungary's Orban did - and didn't - get from Trump On the surface, the Hungarian PM's trip was exactly what he wanted, but the full picture is more complex, writes the BBC's Nick Thorpe. 1 day ago World Trump gives Hungary one-year exemption from Russian energy sanctions The opt-out comes despite the US increasing pressure on allies to sever economic ties with Russia. 2 days ago Europe Belgium rushes to secure drone defences after airport disruption After drone sightings cause Zaventem airport near Brussels to close temporarily, Belgium turns to its European allies for help. 2 days ago Europe Four held after protesters set off flares during Israeli orchestra concert in Paris Clashes broke out during one of three disruptions to the performance featuring conductor Lahav Shani. 2 days ago World Six dead as Russia hits energy and residential sites in Ukraine Overnight, 25 locations including Kyiv were hit, leaving many areas without electricity and heating. 1 day ago Europe Thousands take to Lisbon streets over proposed labour laws The government wants to make it easier for employers to fire people and to limit some compassionate leave. 19 hrs ago Europe Serbia clears the way for controversial Trump-linked property plan The president's son-in-law wants to build a hotel on the ruins of the former Yugoslav Army headquarters. 1 day ago Europe British man jailed after trying to spy for Russia Howard Phillips's ex-wife said he dreamt of being like James Bond and was infatuated with MI6. Fire at Turkey perfume warehouse kills six President Recep Tayyip Erdogan offered his "deepest condolences to the families" and said the government was investigating. Louvre criticised for spending money on art instead of security in years before heist Three weeks after the spectacular jewel theft at the Louvre, the museum is accused of neglecting safety and security. Why the fall of this city would matter to Ukraine and Russia The battle for Pokrovsk - on a big road and rail artery in the Donetsk region - has been going on for well over a year. Russian soldier sentenced to life in jail in unprecedented Ukrainian trial In the first ruling of its kind, Dmitry Kurashov was found guilty of killing an unarmed Ukrainian soldier who had surrendered. Features & Analysis Ukrainians would like to watch comedies - but for now their culture is defined by war Nearly four years on from Russia's invasion, the arts are back but the war permeates everything. South Africans trapped in Donbas after joining Russia-Ukraine war, Ramaphosa says It is unclear whether the citizens were fighting on behalf of Russia or Ukraine. Freed in Trump deal: Prisoners in exile tell of brutality behind bars in Belarus They were freed in September under a deal between Belarus's authoritarian leader Alexander Lukashenko and US President Donald Trump. 'My skin was peeling' - the African women tricked into making Russian drones A BBC investigation finds evidence that young African women are being tricked into building Russian drones. My pregnant teen toasts bread over a candle flame in Georgian prison, mum says Billingham teenager Bella Culley is facing two years in prison in Georgia, South Caucasus. Watch/Listen Queues and protests: BBC at the Shein store opening in Paris The online shopping giant opened its first physical shop in the world - in a Parisian department store. Watch: Train smashes into truck at Dutch level crossing Five people sustained minor injuries but nobody was seriously hurt in the incident in Meteren. Watch: Moment nuclear plant towers collapse during demolition Two nuclear cooling towers in the town of Gundremmingen, Germany, collapse into large swirls of thick, white dust during demolition. 'Heist made it more exciting to go to the Louvre': Tourists react as museum reopens The famous Paris museum reopened on Wednesday, three days after millions of euros worth of jewellery stolen in broad daylight. Latest updates 4 hrs ago UK to help protect Belgium after suspected Russian drone incursions Sir Richard Knighton, the UK military chief, says his Belgian counterpart requested assistance in the form of personnel and equipment this week. 4 hrs ago 11 hrs ago 'Did you give a lift to a hitchhiker?' - appeal over 1995 Jo Jo Dullard disappearance Josephine “Jo Jo” Dullard was 21 when she went missing from Moone in County Kildare in 1995. 11 hrs ago 19 hrs ago Thousands take to Lisbon streets over proposed labour laws The government wants to make it easier for employers to fire people and to limit some compassionate leave. 19 hrs ago 1 day ago Six dead as Russia hits energy and residential sites in Ukraine Overnight, 25 locations including Kyiv were hit, leaving many areas without electricity and heating. 1 day ago 1 day ago Serbia clears the way for controversial Trump-linked property plan The president's son-in-law wants to build a hotel on the ruins of the former Yugoslav Army headquarters. 1 day ago 2 days ago Trump gives Hungary one-year exemption from Russian energy sanctions The opt-out comes despite the US increasing pressure on allies to sever economic ties with Russia. 2 days ago 2 days ago Ukrainians would like to watch comedies - but for now their culture is defined by war Nearly four years on from Russia's invasion, the arts are back but the war permeates everything. 2 days ago 2 days ago Extremists threatened to attack a mosque and migrant hotels, court hears Garrett Pollock, 35, from Annalong, County Down, and Karolis Peckauskas, 38, from Drogheda, County Louth, appeared before a special court sitting. 2 days ago 2 days ago Belgium rushes to secure drone defences after airport disruption After drone sightings cause Zaventem airport near Brussels to close temporarily, Belgium turns to its European allies for help. 2 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

