## 1 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/topics/c2vdnvdg6xxt
News News Israel-Gaza war Israel receives body of soldier killed in 2014 in Gaza The Israeli military confirmed the soldier's body had been returned from Gaza after 11 years on Sunday. 23 hrs ago Middle East Israel says body of Lior Rudaeff has been returned from Gaza Lior Rudaeff died defending Nir Yitzhak kibbutz during the Hamas attack on 7 October 2023, the Israeli military said. 2 days ago Middle East Israel says Hamas returned body of Israeli-US soldier held hostage Itay Chen's remains were returned to Israel via the Red Cross on Tuesday, meaning seven dead hostages now remain in Gaza. 5 days ago Middle East Israeli military's ex-top lawyer arrested over leak of video allegedly showing Palestinian detainee abuse Maj Gen Yifat Tomer-Yerushalmi resigned on Friday, admitting leaking a video allegedly showing abuse of a Palestinian detainee. 7 days ago Middle East Released Israeli hostage says he was sexually assaulted in Gaza captivity In an interview with Israeli TV, Rom Braslavski described how he was stripped naked and tied up by members of Palestinian Islamic Jihad. 3 days ago Middle East Israel says Hamas returned body of dead Tanzanian hostage Joshua Mollel, a 21-year-old agriculture student, was killed at Kibbutz Nir Oz during the Hamas-led 7 October 2023 attack on Israel. 4 days ago World Inside Gaza, BBC sees total devastation after two years of war With endless rubble and destroyed streets as far as the eye can see, any plans for Gaza's future are a far cry from where it is today, writes Lucy Williamson. 5 days ago Middle East Analysis The battle over Gaza's future: Why no-one can agree on the rebuild From AI-powered super cities to designs that capture its 'soul and spirit', plans have already been draw up - but political obstacles remain Can the Gaza ceasefire deal survive? Its prospects depend heavily on the continuing engagement of the Trump White House, writes Frank Gardner. Watch: UN official says Gaza ruins 'like Hiroshima' Humanitarian chief Tom Fletcher talk to the BBC about scenes of despair he witnessed on a recent trip to the costal enclave. New images show Israeli control line deeper into Gaza than expected Israel has placed boundary markers up to 520m deeper inside Gaza than expected under the ceasefire deal with Hamas. Bowen: Trump's role in Gaza ceasefire was decisive, but not a roadmap to peace Trump's Middle East visit was a victory lap - but peace does not emerge just because a president decides it. Human stories Gaza children dying as they wait for Israel to enable evacuations Around 15,000 Gazans are waiting for urgent medical treatment, according to the UN. Gaza doctors struggle to investigate 'signs of torture' on unnamed dead returned by Israel Photographs show bodies with multiple signs of injury and wrists tied behind their backs. UN's top court says Israel obliged to allow UN aid into Gaza The court also says Israel has not substantiated its allegations against the UN agency for Palestinian refugees. 'I'm 89 and I saw my homeland rebuilt before - but now I don't believe Gaza has a future' One Palestinian family shares their story of life coming full circle - and what they believe lies ahead as talk turns to rebuilding Gaza A lucky cat, a tattered football: The things Gazans kept close during two years of war The BBC speaks to Palestinians about the keepsakes and essentials they have held on to. Watch and listen again on iPlayer and Sounds Jeremy Bowen: Chances of peace in the Middle East The BBC's International Editor reflects on the ongoing peace efforts Latest updates 23 hrs ago Israel receives body of soldier killed in 2014 in Gaza The Israeli military confirmed the soldier's body had been returned from Gaza after 11 years on Sunday. 23 hrs ago 2 days ago Israel says body of Lior Rudaeff has been returned from Gaza Lior Rudaeff died defending Nir Yitzhak kibbutz during the Hamas attack on 7 October 2023, the Israeli military said. 2 days ago 2 days ago Who are the released hostages? The Israeli military says 20 living hostages have been released by Hamas and have returned to Israel. 2 days ago 3 days ago Maccabi fan ban was due to hooliganism, say police West Midlands Police did not previously reveal its reasons because "it wasn't deemed helpful". 3 days ago 3 days ago Released Israeli hostage says he was sexually assaulted in Gaza captivity In an interview with Israeli TV, Rom Braslavski described how he was stripped naked and tied up by members of Palestinian Islamic Jihad. 3 days ago 3 days ago Four held after protesters set off flares during Israeli orchestra concert in Paris Clashes broke out during one of three disruptions to the performance featuring conductor Lahav Shani. 3 days ago 3 days ago Arrests as hundreds protest at Villa-Maccabi match Eleven men are held amid a huge police operation near Villa Park involving 700 officers. 3 days ago 4 days ago The battle over Gaza's future: Why no-one can agree on the rebuild From AI-powered super cities to designs that capture its 'soul and spirit', plans have already been draw up - but political obstacles remain 4 days ago 4 days ago Israel says Hamas returned body of dead Tanzanian hostage Joshua Mollel, a 21-year-old agriculture student, was killed at Kibbutz Nir Oz during the Hamas-led 7 October 2023 attack on Israel. 4 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 2 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/war-in-ukraine
News News War in Ukraine Six dead as Russia hits energy and residential sites in Ukraine Overnight, 25 locations including Kyiv were hit, leaving many areas without electricity and heating. 2 days ago Europe Ukrainians would like to watch comedies - but for now their culture is defined by war Nearly four years on from Russia's invasion, the arts are back but the war permeates everything. 3 days ago Europe Zelensky visits troops near embattled front line town of Pokrovsk Fierce battles are taking place in the Donetsk town that Russia has been trying to occupy for over a year. 6 days ago Europe Nato 'will stand with Ukraine' to get long-lasting peace, senior official tells BBC Admiral Giuseppe Cavo Dragone tells the BBC the Russia-Ukraine war is bogged down, and it is "almost time to sit and talk". 8 days ago Europe Russian soldier sentenced to life in jail in unprecedented Ukrainian trial In the first ruling of its kind, Dmitry Kurashov was found guilty of killing an unarmed Ukrainian soldier who had surrendered. 4 days ago Europe Why the fall of this city would matter to Ukraine and Russia The battle for Pokrovsk - on a big road and rail artery in the Donetsk region - has been going on for well over a year. 4 days ago Europe South Africans trapped in Donbas after joining Russia-Ukraine war, Ramaphosa says It is unclear whether the citizens were fighting on behalf of Russia or Ukraine. 4 days ago World Analysis In Russia's 'blitz' of Ukraine, the question of appeasement is back A large gulf remains between the US and European view of how to end the Ukraine war. What's the significance of US sanctions on Russian oil? The new measures target Moscow's ability to fund its war machine, the US Treasury said. Rosenberg: Trump abandons carrot and wields stick over Putin in Ukraine talks The BBC's Russia editor says Trump's decision to call off his Putin talks and impose oil sanctions will not go down well in Moscow. Why Trump made breakthrough in Gaza but can't with Putin over Ukraine The leaders' cancelled summit is just the latest twist in Trump's efforts to broker an end to the war, writes Anthony Zurcher. How would US Tomahawk missiles change the Ukraine-Russia war? The BBC's Jonathan Beale explains what impact the weapons might have if the US decides to send them to Ukraine. On the ground The 'Heroes of Kharkiv' who saved 48 children from kindergarten hit by Russian drone The story of a dramatic and heroic rescue that has captured the public imagination in Ukraine. Ukrainian city in total blackout after 'massive' Russian assault Across the wider region, four people are reported to have been killed and 10 others injured. Russia intensifies attacks on Ukraine's trains in 'battle for the railways' In the last two months, Russia has hugely upped its attacks on Ukraine's trains and rail network. Indian student captured by Ukraine joined Russian army to avoid drug charges, says mother Gujarat’s Sahil Majothi joined the Russian army to avoid jail over alleged drug charges. The new AI arms race changing the war in Ukraine Both Ukraine and Russia use AI in battle, but removing human decision-making comes with risks. Q&A: Trump's sanctions, Putin's nuclear drills, and Zelensky's poll ratings Your questions answered as the US puts new sanctions on Russian oil companies. Latest updates 44 mins ago Nord Stream suspect accuses Italy of pressure to confess Serhiy Kuznetsov is wanted in Germany over the 2022 attack on Russia's Nord Stream gas pipelines. 44 mins ago 18 hrs ago A Kremlin target? Exiled Church man hits back at claims of spying A former leading figure in the Russian Orthodox Church breaks his silence after an ex-aide levels allegations against him. 18 hrs ago 1 day ago UK to help protect Belgium after suspected Russian drone incursions Sir Richard Knighton, the UK military chief, says his Belgian counterpart requested assistance in the form of personnel and equipment this week. 1 day ago 2 days ago Six dead as Russia hits energy and residential sites in Ukraine Overnight, 25 locations including Kyiv were hit, leaving many areas without electricity and heating. 2 days ago 2 days ago Hungarian PM 'got what he wanted' in talks with Trump Donald Trump has exempted Hungary from sanctions over its continued purchases of Russian oil and gas for one year, a White House official has confirmed to BBC News. 2 days ago 3 days ago Trump gives Hungary one-year exemption from Russian energy sanctions The opt-out comes despite the US increasing pressure on allies to sever economic ties with Russia. 3 days ago 3 days ago Ukrainians would like to watch comedies - but for now their culture is defined by war Nearly four years on from Russia's invasion, the arts are back but the war permeates everything. 3 days ago 4 days ago Russian soldier sentenced to life in jail in unprecedented Ukrainian trial In the first ruling of its kind, Dmitry Kurashov was found guilty of killing an unarmed Ukrainian soldier who had surrendered. 4 days ago 4 days ago Why the fall of this city would matter to Ukraine and Russia The battle for Pokrovsk - on a big road and rail artery in the Donetsk region - has been going on for well over a year. 4 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 3 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/us-canada
News News US & Canada LIVE Johnson says 'beginning of the end' of US government shutdown as hurdles remain Several Democrats voted with Republicans to move forward with reopening the government, but the agreement still needs to clear more vote hurdles. The Democrats who backed Republican shutdown deal - and why The Democratic defections broke a weeks-long deadlock amid the longest ever US shutdown. 3 hrs ago US & Canada Scottish and US surgeons achieve world-first stroke surgery using robot A Dundee professor carried out the first remote thrombectomy on a human cadaver. 12 hrs ago Tayside & Central Scotland Trump pardons Giuliani and others accused of plot to overturn 2020 election He also pardons his former White House chief of staff, Mark Meadows in a proclamation vowing to "end a grave national injustice". 3 hrs ago US & Canada Supreme Court rejects challenge to legalisation of same-sex marriage The court rejected an appeal from a clerk who was ordered to pay compensation to a same-sex couple after refusing to grant a marriage licence. 2 hrs ago US & Canada Watch: Lava soars 1,100ft above Hawaii's Kilauea in latest eruption The fountaining event lasted for nearly five hours and was the 36th volcanic episode since December 2024. 2 hrs ago US & Canada A jailed hacking kingpin reveals all about the gang that left a trail of destruction One of the world's most prominent cyber-criminals speaks to the BBC in an exclusive interview. 13 hrs ago Technology 'Chaos has gone' - quiet streets on Texas border after Trump crackdown Parts of El Paso that were once teeming with migrants now lay largely silent as border crossings hit a 50-year low. 12 mins ago US & Canada How the US overtook China as Africa's biggest foreign investor As the two nations vie for key materials, the US has regained the lead in foreign direct investments in African countries. COP30: Trump and many leaders are skipping it, so does the summit still have a point? The US president is notably absent from these UN climate talks, as are other world leaders, all of which prompts questions about the purpose of COP today. Democratic divisions and other takeaways from US shutdown deal Key takeaways after a Senate breakthrough heralds a possible end in sight to the longest shutdown in US history. US Senate passes deal aimed at ending longest ever government shutdown The measure signals a major breakthrough but the deal still needs to get over more hurdles in Congress. Two Major League Baseball pitchers charged in sports gambling scheme Cleveland Guardians players Emmanuel Clase and Luis Ortiz have been accused of intentionally fumbling pitches in exchange for bribes. Watch/Listen Watch: What New Yorkers want Mamdani to do as mayor The 34-year-old will become the city's first Muslim mayor and the youngest in more than a century when he is sworn in on 1 January 2026. Mamdani says he's a democratic socialist. What does that mean? President Donald Trump has attacked the New York City mayor-elect's political label and claims he is a communist. Ros Atkins on… A year since Trump’s election victory A year after Donald Trump’s election victory over Kamala Harris, Ros Atkins looks at how his second term has unfolded. Watch: The Iraq war to a hunting accident, Cheney's defining moments Key moments that helped shape the legacy of one of America’s most influential, and divisive, vice presidents. Watch: Moment train collides with lorry carrying vehicles According to police in Texas, the truck was transporting a full load of cars when it stopped on the railroad tracks. Features When will the US government shutdown end - and why did it happen? The current budgetary battle between rival lawmakers is the longest on record, but an end is now in sight. How Trump could hamper Zohran Mamdani's New York agenda Trump has taken a number of actions against Democratic-led cities that experts say could slow Mamdani's goals. Gunshots end months-long Canadian ostrich cull saga that captivated RFK Jr The fate of more than 300 birds in Canada had become a cross-border political cause. Buoyed by election wins, Democrats still face tough choices to regain power A year after a painful election defeat, the Democratic Party stands at a fork in the road. What does Elon Musk do with all his money? While he has a penchant for cars and jets, the world's richest person reportedly lives a relatively modest life. Latest updates 12 mins ago 'Chaos has gone' - quiet streets on Texas border after Trump crackdown Parts of El Paso that were once teeming with migrants now lay largely silent as border crossings hit a 50-year low. 12 mins ago 2 hrs ago Watch: Lava soars 1,100ft above Hawaii's Kilauea in latest eruption The fountaining event lasted for nearly five hours and was the 36th volcanic episode since December 2024. 2 hrs ago 2 hrs ago Supreme Court rejects challenge to legalisation of same-sex marriage The court rejected an appeal from a clerk who was ordered to pay compensation to a same-sex couple after refusing to grant a marriage licence. 2 hrs ago 3 hrs ago The Democrats who backed Republican shutdown deal - and why The Democratic defections broke a weeks-long deadlock amid the longest ever US shutdown. 3 hrs ago 3 hrs ago Trump pardons Giuliani and others accused of plot to overturn 2020 election He also pardons his former White House chief of staff, Mark Meadows in a proclamation vowing to "end a grave national injustice". 3 hrs ago 6 hrs ago US Senate passes deal aimed at ending longest ever government shutdown The measure signals a major breakthrough but the deal still needs to get over more hurdles in Congress. 6 hrs ago 7 hrs ago When will the US government shutdown end - and why did it happen? The current budgetary battle between rival lawmakers is the longest on record, but an end is now in sight. 7 hrs ago 12 hrs ago Democratic divisions and other takeaways from US shutdown deal Key takeaways after a Senate breakthrough heralds a possible end in sight to the longest shutdown in US history. 12 hrs ago 19 hrs ago Two Major League Baseball pitchers charged in sports gambling scheme Cleveland Guardians players Emmanuel Clase and Luis Ortiz have been accused of intentionally fumbling pitches in exchange for bribes. 19 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 4 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/uk
News News UK UK Politics England N. Ireland Scotland Wales LIVE Trump threatens $1bn legal action against BBC over 6 January speech edit The BBC chair earlier apologises for the "error of judgement" over the documentary and says the BBC is considering how to respond to the US president. Reeves suggests benefit limits on larger families to be lifted The chancellor tells the BBC children in bigger families should not be "penalised" by the welfare system. 1 hr ago Politics Hospital failings continued after Alice Figueiredo death, leaked documents show Four months after a young woman died in a mental health unit, another patient tried to harm herself in similar circumstances, leaked documents show. 18 hrs ago Health Catfish child abuser investigation 'delayed by lack of police resources' Alexander McCartney was given a life sentence last year for the online abuse of children and the manslaughter of a 12-year-old girl. 1 hr ago Northern Ireland Second migrant sent to France returns to the UK The man was detected by biometrics, detained immediately, and will be deported as soon as possible, the Home Office says. 2 hrs ago Politics Woman stabbed in Birmingham bus stop attack dies Katie Fox, 34, was targeted just outside the Bullring shopping centre on Friday night. 6 hrs ago Birmingham & Black Country Post Office Horizon IT contract extended for another year It is paying £41m to the Japanese-owned company Fujitsu to use the Horizon system until March 2027. 4 hrs ago Business Royal outrider 'went straight into' woman who died A Met Police outrider denies causing death by careless driving after he hit an 81-year-old woman. Homelessness charity to become landlord for first time The charity Crisis says it is now "nearly impossible" to find housing for homeless people. Guinness maker appoints former Tesco boss to stem flagging sales It is hoped the former Tesco boss can reignite sales at the biggest drinks-maker in the world, Diageo. Train hero wakes in hospital and speaks to wife The injured crew member is credited with saving multiple lives during a mass stabbing incident. Bid to oust education minister from office over Israel visit fails The move was set to fail as it needed cross-community support and unionist parties had already ruled out supporting it. Watch/Listen 'We should have acted earlier', says BBC chair Samir Shah Shah was asked why the corporation did not investigate concerns around the editing of a BBC documentary earlier. Watch: How Tim Davie addressed BBC controversies over the years The BBC's director general Tim Davie has resigned over Trump documentary edit. King Charles leads Remembrance Sunday service silence at Cenotaph King Charles III laid a wreath at the monument in central London as the nation remembered its war dead. Catching the American fugitive who faked his own death Convicted sex offender Nicholas Rossi assumed a new identity and fled to Scotland to escape justice. 'Do you want to die?' - Train attack victim describes confrontation with alleged attacker Stephen Crean was among those injured in a knife attack on a train in Cambridgeshire on Saturday evening. Features & analysis Katie Razzall: A seismic moment that shows rift at top of BBC There may be more to this than meets the eye, says the BBC's culture and media editor. Tim Davie: A 20-year BBC career that finally ran out of road How the commercial man from Pepsi tried to drive change during challenging times at the BBC. Tutoring a baby to make him an 'English gentleman' - Is it worth the money? The advert seeks "an extraordinary tutor" required "to support child on his first steps to becoming an English gentleman." Sex schedules and curiosity: How I keep my relationship alive How bringing fresh conversation and perspectives into a relationship can help keep it alive. How does London's housing crisis affect the UK economy? A "localised housing crisis" has become a "national problem", according to economic experts. More from the UK Woman stabbed in Birmingham bus stop attack dies Katie Fox, 34, was targeted just outside the Bullring shopping centre on Friday night. Catfish child abuser investigation 'delayed by lack of police resources' Alexander McCartney was given a life sentence last year for the online abuse of children and the manslaughter of a 12-year-old girl. Rapist who attacked doctor on street jailed for nine years Mihai Nicolae Patran assaulted the 29-year-old woman as she walked along Mitchell Street in Glasgow city centre. British man died in fall after Lanzarote 'bannister collapse' Darren Silcox, from Cwmbran, fell to his death in a stairwell while on holiday, an inquest opening hears. Latest updates 12 hrs ago Ferry port repairs delayed as crane not available Repairs on the berth at the Manx-owned ferry terminal in Liverpool are pushed back further. 12 hrs ago 1 day ago A moment of stillness for Royal Family at poignant Remembrance King Charles was joined by about 20 World War Two veterans at the annual Remembrance Sunday commemorations. 1 day ago 1 day ago Charities awarded £427k by Channel Islands Lottery Grants were awarded to groups providing access to physical activities and support networks. 1 day ago 1 day ago 'Terrible cost of conflict' remembered in services Remembrance Sunday services in Guernsey and Jersey pay tribute to "brave men and women". 1 day ago 1 day ago King leads two-minute silence at Remembrance Sunday service King Charles III laid a wreath at the Cenotaph during the service attended by 20 World War Two veterans. 1 day ago 1 day ago King Charles leads Remembrance Sunday service silence at Cenotaph King Charles III laid a wreath at the monument in central London as the nation remembered its war dead. 1 day ago 1 day ago 'Latitude's essence remains 20 years on' - founder Melvin Benn says the festival has not changed "that much" as it approaches a big anniversary. 1 day ago 1 day ago Weekly round-up: Stories you may have missed The rejection of hotel plans and a teenager chosen for the UK Youth Parliament are in the headlines. 1 day ago 2 days ago Inquiry to review rise in young people not working or studying Former Labour Health Secretary Alan Milburn will lead the investigation, with conclusions set to be published next summer. 2 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 5 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/politics
News News UK UK Politics England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Reeves suggests benefit limits on larger families to be lifted The chancellor tells the BBC children in bigger families should not be "penalised" by the welfare system. 1 hr ago Politics LIVE Trump threatens $1bn legal action against BBC over 6 January speech edit The BBC chair earlier apologised for the "error of judgement" over the documentary and says the BBC is considering how to respond to the US president. Senedd election 'tipping point' for Starmer as PM One source calls the prime minister "absolutely delusional" about the likely result next May. 1 day ago Wales Nandy apologises for breaking rules on football regulator appointment Report finds that new football regulator chair David Kogan had made two separate donations of £1,450 to the culture secretary. 21 hrs ago Politics Second migrant sent to France returns to the UK The man was detected by biometrics, detained immediately, and will be deported as soon as possible, the Home Office says. 2 hrs ago Politics Homelessness charity to become landlord for first time The charity Crisis says it is now "nearly impossible" to find housing for homeless people. 3 hrs ago Bid to oust education minister from office over Israel visit fails The move was set to fail as it needed cross-community support and unionist parties had already ruled out supporting it. 1 hr ago Northern Ireland Politics UK seeks Danish inspiration to shake up immigration system Home Secretary Shabana Mahmood is taking cues from some of the toughest migration laws in Europe. HMRC to review suspending 23,500 child benefit payments The tax body had used travel data to conclude that thousands of parents had left the country permanently but many say they just went on holiday. Finance secretary may have to 'revisit' no tax rise pledge Shona Robison says the chancellor's Budget decisions later this month could put unforeseen pressure on Scotland's finances. Inquiry to review rise in young people not working or studying Former Labour Health Secretary Alan Milburn will lead the investigation, with conclusions set to be published next summer. Stand-off over £800,000 Your Party funds Your Party officials accuse Zarah Sultana of withholding funds despite publicly agreeing to transfer the money. Features and analysis Chris Mason: The justice system is failing - the buck stops with Lammy Problems in the prisons and the courts are not new but they are growing and the government doesn't have a grip on them. Chris Mason: Could Reeves break a 50-year taboo by raising income tax in her Budget? It is more than half a century since a chancellor chose to put up the basic rate of income tax. What a UK government led by Reform would really look like What the party's first six months at the helm at local level shows about how they govern - and whether they can keep their promises Will Bank of England governor play Santa or Scrooge on interest rates? The interest rate decision was made by the narrowest of margins, meaning all eyes are now on the Bank's December meeting. 'Taxes are going up' - BBC decodes Reeves's pre-Budget speech Henry Zeffman analyses what may be in the chancellor's upcoming budget plans. From our Political Editor Chris Mason The justice system is failing - the buck stops with Lammy Problems in the prisons and the courts are not new but they are growing and the government doesn't have a grip on them. Could Reeves break a 50-year taboo by raising income tax in her Budget? It is more than half a century since a chancellor chose to put up the basic rate of income tax. As crises pile up, can the Home Office be fixed? The government confronts a cluster of catastrophes, all linked to small boat crossings. Will Lucy Powell's win turn things around for Labour? Chris Mason looks at what Lucy Powell's return to frontline politics might mean for Labour. Chris Mason: Extraordinary Caerphilly by-election humbles Westminster's big beasts Plaid Cymru win 47% of the vote in a record turnout, while Labour and the Tories manage just 13% between them. BBC InDepth What a UK government led by Reform would really look like What the party's first six months at the helm at local level shows about how they govern - and whether they can keep their promises The battle is on for the Conservatives to show they matter As the party's annual conference begins, there are reasons for the current leadership to be gloomy, writes Laura Kuenssberg. How much trouble is Labour in - and is the PM the right man for the job? Ahead of Labour's annual conference, Laura Kuenssberg talks to ministers, MPs and advisers about Starmer's position. Nick Robinson: How the simmering row over freedom of speech in the UK reached boiling point How did we reach a point where the UK is being compared to a 'tin pot Third World dictatorship'? Trump's state visit is mired with potential pitfalls despite careful planning Months of preparations have gone into this state visit - but the Lord Mandelson question is not the only concern troubling insiders. Watch/Listen Reform UK school taxi letter used as 'political football' Council leader George Finch answered questions on home-to-school transport on BBC CWR on Friday. Watch: US election night's big winners… in 90 seconds Zohran Mamdani, who will become New York City's youngest mayor since 1892, said in his victory speech that his win was a 'mandate for change'. Reporter Reads Alex Forsyth looks at what the party's first six months running councils tells us. 'Taxes are going up' - BBC decodes Reeves's pre-Budget speech Henry Zeffman analyses what may be in the chancellor's upcoming budget plans. Why is there a no confidence motion in the education minister? Paul Givan responds to criticism after visiting a school in Israel.

## 6 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/england
News News UK UK Politics England N. Ireland Scotland Wales Woman stabbed in Birmingham bus stop attack dies Katie Fox, 34, was targeted just outside the Bullring shopping centre on Friday night. 6 hrs ago Birmingham & Black Country Royal outrider 'went straight into' woman who died A Met Police outrider denies causing death by careless driving after he hit an 81-year-old woman. 1 hr ago London 'A lunch box with only mouldy bread and water': Boy's neglect missed by social services A safeguarding review finds there were "missed opportunities" to pick up the child's neglect. 4 hrs ago Manchester Walker fractures leg after slipping on acorn Rescuers say they were "in disbelief at the stoic resolve" of the casualty who fractured their leg. 6 hrs ago England Train hero wakes in hospital and speaks to wife The injured crew member is credited with saving multiple lives during a mass stabbing incident. 7 hrs ago England Teenager detained for boy's New Year's Eve murder Areece Lloyd-Hall is detained for killing Harry Pitman, 16, at Primrose Hill on 31 December 2023. 5 hrs ago London Beach full of millions of plastic pellets 'is worst single incident' Millions of pellets, thought to have come from the Eastbourne treatment works, have been washed up at Camber Sands. 24 mins ago Sussex Warning after mum and baby's homebirth deaths A coroner calls for national homebirth guidelines after the death of Jennifer Cahill and her baby. 'Bird flu outbreak' as dead swans found near lake Experts have issued urgent advice for walkers to follow when near lakes and waterfowl. Coroner's concern over lack of end-of-life beds A coroner says a terminally ill woman did not receive appropriate end-of-life care in hospital. Charges after stolen earthmover driven across city The vehicle was stolen in Staffordshire on Saturday night and was driven through Wolverhampton. Mum of boy mauled by dog 'thought he was dead' Five-year-old Roman is recovering after he was attacked by a dog in a Doncaster park. Stories to make you smile Otter cub found injured by main road is recovering The otter, named Iris, is being cared after being found alone and suffering from hypothermia. Class helps me 'forget everything and just dance' Hannah is one of several members of an inclusive dance class in west Oxfordshire In pictures: Yoga therapist scoops beach hut of the year award The cabin's owner says she is delighted after beating entrants from across the UK. Features & Analysis Surgical menopause like a 'hormonal cliff edge' Surgical menopause is the immediate onset of menopause caused by the removal of both ovaries. Named on a napkin: EasyJet celebrates 30 years We take a look at the history and impact of the budget airline based at Luton Airport. Why gritters are on the roads, despite warm weather Suffolk Highways' bright yellow gritter lorries are being spotted, despite the mild autumn. 'We have nowhere to go if our care home shuts' Residents and their families plea to keep Grove House in Adlington open as a consultation continues. How does London's housing crisis affect the UK economy? A "localised housing crisis" has become a "national problem", according to economic experts. Watch/Listen 'The charity that helped my son learn to walk' Jaxson has Down’s syndrome and wasn't able to stand up before attending The Movement Centre 13 hrs ago Shropshire Future Winter Olympic sport? Watch Christmas tree flinging event 2 hrs ago Sussex Shoplifter's getaway foiled by chief constable Sir Stephen Watson spotted the thief and thwarted his escape. 3 days ago Manchester Cyclist's near miss as car crashes off road Video shows the moment a car skids sideways, narrowly missing a man on a bike, before crashing. 3 days ago Northamptonshire Norwich City fans protest ahead of Manning sacking Hundreds of Norwich City fans protest outside Carrow Road after the Canaries' seventh straight home loss. 2 days ago Norfolk Sport 1,000 games in, Guardiola has new energy for new era Sunday began with a celebration of Pep Guardiola and ended in the same manner, with the Manchester City boss showing he has new energy in a new era for the club. Ten parties show proof of funds to buy Sheff Wed BBC Radio Sheffield understands 10 parties have now provided proof of funds to administrators at Sheffield Wednesday. Man Utd play down severity of Sesko injury Manchester United striker Benjamin Sesko will miss Slovenia's World Cup qualifiers but club officials do not think he has suffered a major injury. The final frontier: Why has Root never made a century down under? Joe Root's lack of a century in Australia is well known but what are the reasons behind it and how could he put it right during the Ashes? Latest updates 31 mins ago England duo Freeman and Chessum battling injuries England have injury concerns over Tommy Freeman and Ollie Chessum for their autumn international against New Zealand on Saturday. 31 mins ago 2 hrs ago Man arrested after woman forced into car Police say multiple people tried to intervene during the "shocking" incident. 2 hrs ago 3 hrs ago Vehicles seized in crackdown on uninsured drivers A joint operation between police and the Motor Insurance Bureau sees 58 vehicles taken off the road. 3 hrs ago 3 hrs ago Heavy rain and strong winds set to hit south west A yellow warning for rain, set to begin on Tuesday morning, has been issued by the Met Office. 3 hrs ago 5 hrs ago Overnight roadworks 'are making sleep impossible' A new cycle path, bus lane and pedestrian crossings are being built in South Gloucestershire. 5 hrs ago 5 hrs ago Charges after stolen earthmover driven across city The vehicle was stolen in Staffordshire on Saturday night and was driven through Wolverhampton. 5 hrs ago 5 hrs ago Otter cub found injured by main road is recovering The otter, named Iris, is being cared after being found alone and suffering from hypothermia. 5 hrs ago 6 hrs ago Attackers treated victim's broken jaw with peas Kyle Dale held a woman while Cather Hutter knocked her unconscious, a court hears. 6 hrs ago 6 hrs ago Man caught dealing drugs at Boardmasters jailed Liam Edmonds, of no fixed abode, was already on bail for drug dealing offences. 6 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 7 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/northern_ireland
News News N. Ireland N. Ireland Politics Catfish child abuser investigation 'delayed by lack of police resources' Alexander McCartney was given a life sentence last year for the online abuse of children and the manslaughter of a 12-year-old girl. 1 hr ago Northern Ireland Bid to oust education minister from office over Israel visit fails The move was set to fail as it needed cross-community support and unionist parties had already ruled out supporting it. 1 hr ago Northern Ireland Politics Remembrance poppy memorial thefts treated as sectarian hate crime The items, commemorating people from the area who died in World War One, were stolen from the Fountain estate on Remembrance weekend. 2 hrs ago Northern Ireland Farm shed fire kills hundreds of pigs Firefighters responded to reports of a farm shed on fire at the Fyfin Road area of Newtownstewart. 7 hrs ago Northern Ireland DUP absence from Connolly inauguration 'not a snub' Gavin Robinson was speaking after the party confirmed they would not send a representative to Catherine Connolly's inauguration on Tuesday. 3 hrs ago Northern Ireland Politics 'I didn't feel safe after race hate attack on my shop - but I'm glad I stayed' A businessman who considered leaving Belfast after a racist attack is back in business in another part of the city. 12 hrs ago Northern Ireland LIVE Trump threatens $1bn legal action against BBC over 6 January speech edit The BBC chair earlier apologises for the "error of judgement" over the documentary and says the BBC is considering how to respond to the US president. The hunt for the murdered British soldier who was determined to be noticed Captain Nairac was killed and secretly buried by the IRA almost 50 years ago. Calls for investigation after assaults at youth Gaelic football match Tyrone GAA says it is treating the matter "most seriously" as police appeal for information. Viable device found after two separate security alerts in Belfast A number of homes were evacuated during a security alert in west Belfast while a viable device has been found in east Belfast. Two men injured in suspected homophobic attack The men had made their way onto Derry's Peace Bridge on Saturday night when they were assaulted. Guinness maker appoints former Tesco boss to stem flagging sales It is hoped the former Tesco boss can reignite sales at the biggest drinks-maker in the world, Diageo. Features & Analysis Remembrance Sunday marked across Northern Ireland Belfast's ceremony began with a two-minute silence where First and Deputy First Ministers Michelle O'Neill and Emma Little-Pengelly were amongst those to lay wreaths. Meet Pam and Sian - bossing the badminton world aged 63 Meet the three-time senior badminton world champions showing no signs of stopping. How a plan to redraw the Irish border fell apart In the early years of partition, the exact line the border took was still very much up for debate. Will the new night buses save Belfast's nightlife? A new late-night bus pilot aims to improve people getting in and out of Belfast late on weekends - but the city's night czar says it is a case of use it or lose it. Foyle & West Car burnt out in racially-motivated hate crime It happened in the Irish Green Street area of the town in the early hours of Friday, police say. Man dies after being struck by car The man was pronounced dead at the scene following a collision near Grange Lane on Thursday. Lyra McKee murder accused denied pub job bail change Jordan Devine, from Londonderry, is charged with murdering Ms McKee on 18 April 2019. Government freezes assets linked to New IRA It is also imposing sanctions on Kieran Gallagher, from Londonderry, who it believes is involved in terrorist activity. Listen: North West Today A round-up of local news, sport and weather across the north west of Northern Ireland. Republic of Ireland 'Did you give a lift to a hitchhiker?' - appeal over 1995 Jo Jo Dullard disappearance Josephine “Jo Jo” Dullard was 21 when she went missing from Moone in County Kildare in 1995. Huge sense of pride to play Roy Keane in new film, says Cork actor The film is based on the fallout between Roy Keane and Mick McCarthy during Ireland's 2002 World Cup preparations. FAI approves motion to call on Uefa to ban Israel The FAI has approved a motion to call on Uefa to ban Israel from European club and international competitions. Little-Pengelly turns down Irish presidential inauguration invite Northern Ireland's deputy first minister says she is unable to attend Catherine Connolly's inauguration due to Remembrance Day commitments. Extremists threatened to attack a mosque and migrant hotels, court hears Garrett Pollock, 35, from Annalong, County Down, and Karolis Peckauskas, 38, from Drogheda, County Louth, appeared before a special court sitting. More BBC News NI on iPlayer & Sounds Good Morning Ulster Wake up to Good Morning Ulster and get all the news and analysis from home and abroad. The Nolan Show Breaking news and hard-hitting talk about the big stories of the day. Talkback Highlights from Talkback. William Crawley and guests discuss the news headlines. Evening Extra All the day’s news and analysis with Richard Morgan. BBC Newsline The latest news for Northern Ireland. The State of Us Tara Mills and Declan Harvey react and reflect on news stories in a BBC NI podcast. Red Lines The back-stop’s here? Bad puns with top political coverage from BBC Northern Ireland. The View Mark Carruthers provides comment and expert analysis on the week's political news Spotlight Hard-hitting investigations on the stories that matter in Northern Ireland. Sunday Politics Northern Ireland Mark Carruthers with the latest political news, interviews and debate. Latest updates 22 mins ago Child airlifted to hospital after serious crash Emergency services were called to the scene on the Boleran Road, between Coleraine, Limavady and Garvagh, shortly before 16:00 BST on Monday. 22 mins ago 1 hr ago Catfish child abuser investigation 'delayed by lack of police resources' Alexander McCartney was given a life sentence last year for the online abuse of children and the manslaughter of a 12-year-old girl. 1 hr ago 2 hrs ago Viable device found after two separate security alerts in Belfast A number of homes were evacuated during a security alert in west Belfast while a viable device has been found in east Belfast. 2 hrs ago 2 hrs ago Remembrance poppy memorial thefts treated as sectarian hate crime The items, commemorating people from the area who died in World War One, were stolen from the Fountain estate on Remembrance weekend. 2 hrs ago 5 hrs ago Calls for investigation after assaults at youth Gaelic football match Tyrone GAA says it is treating the matter "most seriously" as police appeal for information. 5 hrs ago 5 hrs ago Two men injured in suspected homophobic attack The men had made their way onto Derry's Peace Bridge on Saturday night when they were assaulted. 5 hrs ago 7 hrs ago Farm shed fire kills hundreds of pigs Firefighters responded to reports of a farm shed on fire at the Fyfin Road area of Newtownstewart. 7 hrs ago 7 hrs ago The hunt for the murdered British soldier who was determined to be noticed Captain Nairac was killed and secretly buried by the IRA almost 50 years ago. 7 hrs ago 8 hrs ago Profits fall at IT firm Kainos despite rising revenue and global expansion Although revenues rose to £196.1m, increased costs from national insurance rises, investments and temporary staffing reduced profits by 16% on the previous year. 8 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 8 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/northern_ireland/northern_ireland_politics
News News N. Ireland N. Ireland Politics DUP absence from Connolly inauguration 'not a snub' Gavin Robinson was speaking after the party confirmed they would not send a representative to Catherine Connolly's inauguration on Tuesday. 3 hrs ago Northern Ireland Politics Bid to oust education minister from office over Israel visit fails The move was set to fail as it needed cross-community support and unionist parties had already ruled out supporting it. 1 hr ago Northern Ireland Politics Backdated health workers' pay award to go ahead, says minister A pay offer aimed at avoiding industrial action by healthcare workers has been made by the Department of Health. 4 days ago Northern Ireland 'Sinister attack' on Alliance headquarters 'tried to incite fear' It was reported on Wednesday that graffiti had been sprayed onto external windows, door shutters and a fence. 4 days ago Northern Ireland DUP will not be represented at Irish presidential inauguration Alliance MLA Paula Bradshaw says the DUP should send an alternative representative to Deputy First Minister Emma Little-Pengelly. 1 day ago Northern Ireland Politics Little-Pengelly turns down Irish presidential inauguration invite Northern Ireland's deputy first minister says she is unable to attend Catherine Connolly's inauguration due to Remembrance Day commitments. 3 days ago Northern Ireland Politics PSNI pay deal possible before end of year, says Long The justice minister was speaking after the health minister announced he has been given approval to award pay parity to healthcare workers. 3 days ago Northern Ireland Politics Stormont choices 'may add to funding pressures', says Benn Hilary Benn refused to be drawn on whether the Budget later this month would involve tax rises. Guidance for businesses on NI's post-Brexit trade deal 'not fit for purpose' The panel said information was "poorly presented, unwieldy and needs to be significantly improved". MLAs told cooperation over environment agency is 'crucial' Andrew Muir says assembly members should "put their money where their mouth is" and support the plan for an independent environment agency. Any tax increase must be 'fair and progressive' UK Chancellor Rachel Reeves refuses to rule out rises, saying she will make the "necessary choices". Israel trip given 'clean bill of health', minister says Stormont's Education Minister Paul Givan continues to face criticism over his six-day tour of Israel.

## 9 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/scotland
News News Scotland Scotland Politics Rapist who attacked doctor on street jailed for nine years Mihai Nicolae Patran assaulted the 29-year-old woman as she walked along Mitchell Street in Glasgow city centre. 1 hr ago Glasgow & West Scotland Woman, 51, in court after 'ammonia' thrown in street attack Police say a 46-year-old woman was taken to hospital for treatment after the incident on Buchanan Street. 2 hrs ago Glasgow & West Scotland Sarwar refuses to comment on UK tax hike speculation Chancellor Rachel Reeves has fuelled speculation that she could announce an increase in the Autumn Budget. 6 hrs ago Scotland Politics UWS lecturers end strikes after no compulsory redundancy 'guarantee' The EIS union says it has secured a deal meaning no compulsory redundances for academic staff. 1 hr ago Scotland Police officer admits taking seized shotguns home PC Alan Sharp kept six shotguns in a secure unit at his home after a man surrendered them. 2 hrs ago Scotland Learner vehicle smashes through Home Bargains storefront Firefighters rescued two people from the Skoda Enyaq after the incident in Milngavie, East Dunbartonshire, at about 11:00. 4 hrs ago Glasgow & West Scotland Former police officer withdraws from Sheku Bayoh inquiry Alan Paton was one of the first officers at the scene when Mr Bayoh was seen with a knife in Kirkcaldy in 2015. 5 hrs ago Edinburgh, Fife & East Celebrity Traitors to return for a second series in 2026 The first celebrity series was a big ratings hit, with the winner collecting £87,500 for charity. Man admits shouting racist abuse at asylum seekers in hotel James Ritchie was remanded in custody after he pled guilty to committing a hate crime in Perth. Dundee and US surgeons achieve world-first stroke surgery using robot A Dundee professor carried out the first remote thrombectomy on a human cadaver. 'No further action' over man killed by bus in Edinburgh Michael Leneghan died after being struck by a bus in the Cowgate area of Edinburgh in November last year. Gold jar from Galloway Hoard on display for first time It resembles a perfume bottle and a Latin inscription on it suggests it had a religious function. Features and analysis BBC trust and the 2014 referendum Did the indyref campaign damage the corporation in Scotland? In pictures: Autumn colours in Scotland BBC Weather Watchers have been capturing vibrant scenes across the country. We've travelled 5,000 miles to the 'holy place' of knitting A group of American men are among thousands of knitters who make the trip to Shetland. Your pictures of Scotland A selection of photographs submitted to BBC Scotland News from around the country this week. Why are there never female headliners at TRNSMT festival? The organisers of Scotland's biggest music festival have been criticised for failing to book any female headliners for its ninth year in a row. News from around Scotland Former police officer withdraws from Sheku Bayoh inquiry Alan Paton was one of the first officers at the scene when Mr Bayoh was seen with a knife in Kirkcaldy in 2015. Celebrity Traitors to return for a second series in 2026 The first celebrity series was a big ratings hit, with the winner collecting £87,500 for charity. Train derailment inquiry may now last under two weeks Three men died when the train derailed in Aberdeenshire after hitting a landslide in 2020. Gold jar from Galloway Hoard on display for first time It resembles a perfume bottle and a Latin inscription on it suggests it had a religious function. Police officer admits taking seized shotguns home PC Alan Sharp kept six shotguns in a secure unit at his home after a man surrendered them. Sport Gilmour, Miller & McCrorie injury blows for Scotland Scotland have suffered a triple injury blow as they prepare to face Greece in World Cup qualifying, with likely starter Billy Gilmour ruled out of Saturday's match in Piraeus. Gordon 'absolutely' ready to start for Scotland Despite no first-team action this season, Heart of Midlothian goalkeeper Craig Gordon insists he is ready to play for Scotland in World Cup qualifiers against Greece and Denmark. Bellamy 'perfect ' for Celtic, but is timing wrong? Joe Ledley believes fellow Welshman Craig Bellamy is "a perfect fit" to be Celtic manager and would be "very interested" in doing so. Are Celtic & Rangers starting to click in pursuit of Hearts? Managerial changes have given the Old Firm a timely boost, but should surprise league leaders Hearts be worried? Leaders Hearts have 'off day' as winter test looms Hearts head coach Derek McInnes said Hearts had an "off day" against Dundee United while an interesting period looms for the Premiership leaders. More news on iPlayer and Sounds Reporting Scotland Big stories from across the country Scotcast The BBC's Scottish news podcast. Reporting Scotland: News at Seven More from the day’s top stories and communities across Scotland. Good Morning Scotland The nation's morning news programme. Latest updates 1 hr ago UWS lecturers end strikes after no compulsory redundancy 'guarantee' The EIS union says it has secured a deal meaning no compulsory redundances for academic staff. 1 hr ago 2 hrs ago Police officer admits taking seized shotguns home PC Alan Sharp kept six shotguns in a secure unit at his home after a man surrendered them. 2 hrs ago 7 hrs ago In pictures: Autumn colours in Scotland BBC Weather Watchers have been capturing vibrant scenes across the country. 7 hrs ago 11 hrs ago Scotland's papers: 'BBC bosses quit in disgrace' and high tax 'threat' A review of the front page stories from the daily newspapers in Scotland. 11 hrs ago 1 day ago Scotland falls silent for war dead on Remembrance Sunday First Minister John Swinney laid a wreath at Edinburgh City Chambers following the traditional two minutes of silence at 11:00 GMT. 1 day ago 1 day ago Finance secretary may have to 'revisit' no tax rise pledge Shona Robison says the chancellor's Budget decisions later this month could put unforeseen pressure on Scotland's finances. 1 day ago 1 day ago Scotland's papers: Autism test backlog and school hours overhaul plan A review of the front page stories from the daily newspapers in Scotland. 1 day ago 2 days ago Scotland's papers: Raising income tax 'would hit workers' and maternity plea A review of the front page stories from the daily newspapers in Scotland. 2 days ago 3 days ago Lose weight or lose your jobs, offshore workers told Thousands of offshore workers are too heavy for the limitations of helicopter winch systems. 3 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 10 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/scotland/scotland_politics
News News Scotland Scotland Politics Sarwar refuses to comment on UK tax hike speculation Chancellor Rachel Reeves has fuelled speculation that she could announce an increase in the Autumn Budget. 6 hrs ago Scotland Politics Finance secretary may have to 'revisit' no tax rise pledge Shona Robison says the chancellor's Budget decisions later this month could put unforeseen pressure on Scotland's finances. 1 day ago Scotland Scottish government reveals plan to reach net zero targets by 2045 The route map includes targets to decarbonise building heat systems and phase out new petrol and diesel cars. 4 days ago Scotland Politics Swinney does not rule out tax hikes in Scotland The first minister was urged to give a "cast-iron" guarantee that he would not increase rates in the Budget. 4 days ago Scotland Politics Alex Salmond died with debts of more than £340,000 Insolvency firm Begbies Traynor has named a trustee in sequestration to handle the former first minister's estate. 3 days ago Scotland Politics How Scottish parties will try to maximise election votes in six months Opinion polls point to a fifth SNP victory - but a lot could change in six months with parties working flat out for votes. 4 days ago Scotland Politics Whip restored to suspended Labour MP Leishman Alloa and Grangemouth MP Brian Leishman is returning to the Labour benches after a four-month suspension. 3 days ago Tayside & Central Scotland Ministers to order investigation into maternity services The decision follows a BBC Disclosure documentary which heard calls for urgent action to improve safety. Record number of referrals made to anti-terrorism scheme Some 162 reports were made to Prevent, and extreme right-wing concerns made up the largest proportion. MSPs pass land reform which could force break up of huge estates The legislation is designed to help reduce the concentration of rural land ownership among a small number of people. Why the battle still rages over land ownership in Scotland The reaction to the Scottish government's wide-ranging new laws show the divided opinions on the issue. Mental health, buses and school meals - issues that matter to first-time voters Teenagers who could vote for the first time next year put politicians through their paces at an event in Dumfries. Features and analysis Why is land reform on the agenda in Scotland? MSPs are set to vote on legislation which could allow the government to intervene in private land sales. Sabotage, betrayal, secrecy... and recycling How a £50m court case over Scotland's deposit return scheme turned into a political blockbuster. A bridge, 130 convictions and a 30-year fight: The tolls that made criminals of islanders More than 100 people received criminal convictions after refusing to pay tolls on the Skye Bridge. Why is the government being sued for £170m over a recycling scheme? A waste management firm has launched legal action over a beleaguered bottle return plan. Is the Scottish government softening on oil and gas? Has John Swinney shifted the Scottish government away from a "presumption against" new oil and gas?

## 11 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/wales
News News Wales Wales Politics British man died in fall after Lanzarote 'bannister collapse' Darren Silcox, from Cwmbran, fell to his death in a stairwell while on holiday, an inquest opening hears. 6 hrs ago Wales Weather warning issued for heavy rain and flooding The Met Office has advised residents to take precautions to secure their home and belongings. 6 hrs ago Wales WRU chief Tierney to return after cancer treatment WRU chief executive Abi Tierney will make a phased return to work after previously stepping away from her role when she was diagnosed with cancer. 7 hrs ago Wales Teen girls groomed and devoted dad dead A review of the front page stories from the daily and weekly newspapers in Wales. 12 hrs ago Wales How a wet Welsh summer helped create Winnie-the-Pooh The famous bear first featured among a collection of poems compiled in a potting shed in rainy Wales. 3 hrs ago Wales 'Leaky' Snowdon Mountain Railway blasted for poor service Wales Outdoors says clients sat on wet seats, and the train had "leaky windows", with passengers unable to see out. 12 hrs ago Wales Amazon tree-felling blamed for polluting UK rivers Campaigners warn of a "hidden link" between tree-felling in the Amazon rainforest and UK pollution. 13 hrs ago Wales Family ordered to take down 2m garden fence It was put up without permission at their home between February and April. 'Superhero' boy burned saving sister, 2, from firework Olly, 11, suffers head, neck and finger burns saving his little sister Daisy from a firework. Senedd election 'tipping point' for Starmer as PM One source calls the prime minister "absolutely delusional" about the likely result next May. Apathy reigns as Welsh rugby accepts new reality Wales continue their struggles with a record loss to Argentina - but the perilous state of Welsh rugby means fans only feel apathy. Neurodivergent children left to 'fall through the cracks' Parents of "the gap children" with additional needs say suitable education provision is crucial. Features & analysis When my wife died, Elis James reached out - now we're close mates The comedian contacted Geraint John after his wife Deb died and has helped him while he grieves. Botox was like going for coffee - but I had no idea if it was genuine Rules about administering drugs such as Botox and Mounjaro have not kept up, says Wales' regulator. Actor Paul Whitehouse's 'pride' in Welsh roots The comedian visited Wales with fellow comedian Bob Mortimer in their TV show Gone Fishing. My one-year-old eats books, toys, tables and even his cot Junior has a condition called pica that makes him crave and eat inedible objects. Traitors star is 'grateful for abnormal anatomy' A very rare condition led to an important diagnosis after years of pain for The Traitors star. Watch/Listen Lorry driver who blamed fatal crash on cough exposed by dashcam Mariusz Korkosz was driving incorrectly for almost 20 seconds before colliding head-on with a truck. 5 days ago Wales CCTV shows sex attacker follow victim from nightclub Fawaz Alsamaou is warned he is "highly likely" to be deported after serving his sentence. 5 days ago Sir Anthony Hopkins on playing the infamous Hannibal Lecter The Oscar-winning actor sat down with the BBC's Katie Razzall ahead of the release of his auto-biography We did OK, Kid. 7 days ago Having 'Botox like going to get a morning coffee' Lizzie Day says having Botox was as much a part of her routine as getting her morning coffee. 4 days ago Wales Widespread disruption as Wales hit by flooding Flood warnings are in places across Carmarthenshire, Pembrokeshire and Swansea. 5 days ago Sport WRU chief Tierney to return after cancer treatment WRU chief executive Abi Tierney will make a phased return to work after previously stepping away from her role when she was diagnosed with cancer. Ramsey with Wales in unofficial role for World Cup qualifiers Wales captain Aaron Ramsey will be with the squad in an unofficial capacity as they prepare for their World Cup qualifying double-header this month. Should Rees-Zammit start and other Wales questions after Pumas defeat BBC Sport Wales has a look at the things Wales head coach Steve Tandy needs to address following a record defeat to Argentina. What next for Sheehan's struggling Swans? What has gone wrong for Alan Sheehan's Swansea City - and what comes next as they look for an upturn in fortunes? Red Dragons Den - US sales pitch for Welsh football Welsh football bosses are heading to the United States of America in a Dragons Den style bid to attract investors to Wales' top flight. Stories from Cymru Fyw 'Mae gan Gymru le i ddiolch i Tim Davie,' medd cyn-gadeirydd bwrdd BBC Mae gan Gymru le i ddiolch i Tim Davie, meddai'r Fonesig Elan Closs Stephens wedi iddo fe a'r pennaeth newyddion Deborah Turness ymddiswyddo nos Sul. Dyn wedi marw ar ôl cael ei daro gan fan ger Caernarfon Mae dyn 64 oed wedi marw ar ôl cael ei daro gan fan ar ffordd osgoi Caernarfon nos Sul. Rhybudd am fwy o law trwm a llifogydd posib i'r de a'r canolbarth Mae'r Swyddfa Dywydd wedi cyhoeddi rhybudd melyn am law trwm ddydd Mawrth. 'Flashmob Cerdd Dant cyntaf erioed' yn rhoi teyrnged i'w hyfforddwr Daeth myfyrwyr Neuadd Pantycelyn 1983 yn ôl at ei gilydd i gystadlu mewn ffordd unigryw yn yr Ŵyl Cerdd Dant i ddiolch i'w hyfforddwr. Latest updates 2 hrs ago Wales v Japan - all you need to know Wales continue their autumn international campaign this Saturday when they host Japan in Cardiff. 2 hrs ago 3 hrs ago How a wet Welsh summer helped create Winnie-the-Pooh The famous bear first featured among a collection of poems compiled in a potting shed in rainy Wales. 3 hrs ago 6 hrs ago Weather warning issued for heavy rain and flooding The Met Office has advised residents to take precautions to secure their home and belongings. 6 hrs ago 6 hrs ago British man died in fall after Lanzarote 'bannister collapse' Darren Silcox, from Cwmbran, fell to his death in a stairwell while on holiday, an inquest opening hears. 6 hrs ago 7 hrs ago WRU chief Tierney to return after cancer treatment WRU chief executive Abi Tierney will make a phased return to work after previously stepping away from her role when she was diagnosed with cancer. 7 hrs ago 8 hrs ago Wales' issues to address after record Pumas defeat BBC Sport Wales has a look at the things Wales head coach Steve Tandy needs to address following a record defeat to Argentina. 8 hrs ago 9 hrs ago Apathy reigns as Welsh rugby accepts new reality Wales continue their struggles with a record loss to Argentina - but the perilous state of Welsh rugby means fans only feel apathy. 9 hrs ago 12 hrs ago Wales' papers: Teen girls groomed and devoted dad dead A review of the front page stories from the daily and weekly newspapers in Wales. 12 hrs ago 12 hrs ago 'Leaky' Snowdon Mountain Railway blasted for poor service Wales Outdoors says clients sat on wet seats, and the train had "leaky windows", with passengers unable to see out. 12 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 11

## 12 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/wales/wales_politics
News News Wales Wales Politics Senedd election 'tipping point' for Starmer as PM One source calls the prime minister "absolutely delusional" about the likely result next May. 1 day ago Wales Two former Labour council leaders join Greens Robert James and Sean Morgan have both defected, according to the Green Party. 2 days ago Wales Nato interest in 'lethal' Army vehicle, says minister The UK government says it's confident of allied interest in buying Wales-built Ajax armoured vehicle. 4 days ago Wales Welsh government has budget talk with independent MS A conversation has taken place between Russell George and the government about passing its budget. 4 days ago Wales Senedd election to scrap overnight vote count The election is scheduled for 7 May 2026, with counting to begin the following day. 2 days ago Wales Greens hoping for 'historic Senedd breakthrough' The Greens pin hopes on first seat, promising 'a fresh voice', as members gather for party conference. 2 days ago Wales NHS Wales carbon emissions up by 20% since 2019 The rise comes despite targets to reduce emissions by 16%, with NHS Wales blaming outside suppliers. 3 days ago Wales Lido and promenade part of seafront regeneration plans Proposals for Porthcawl also include new homes, public spaces and a hotel. NHS, housing and councils winners in budget plans But Welsh Labour does not have enough Senedd members to pass it without making a deal. Lack of school child safeguarding criticised by experts No national oversight of child safeguarding reviews in schools since 2018, the Welsh government confirms. Plaid Cymru and SNP discuss forming 'progressive alliance' Rhun ap Iorwerth and John Swinney said they want to give voters a "positive alternative" to Westminster. 'Concern' over exodus of Welsh-speakers to English universities Half of the pupils from Welsh-medium schools who started at university this year have left Wales.

## 13 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/africa
News News Africa Malian TikToker killed by suspected jihadists after pro-army posts Mariam Cissé, said to be in her 20s, was accused of providing information to the army. 8 hrs ago Africa Jacob Zuma's daughter denies terrorism charges as her trial starts Zuma-Sambudla is accused of fuelling a wave of protests that hit South Africa after her father's arrest. 6 hrs ago Africa Protesters force delay to opening of Nigeria's new art museum The protesters are angry that the area's traditional ruler is not involved in the new museum. 2 hrs ago Africa Uganda president admits Kenyan activists were arrested and held in 'the fridge' Long-serving leader Yoweri Museveni blames "foreign groups" for stoking unrest. 1 day ago Africa Ahead of the G20, is Johannesburg's city centre in ruins? Some residents in the heart of the South African city are living amid sewage in derelict buildings run by criminal gangs. 18 hrs ago Africa Four into one - how do African World Cup play-offs work? As Nigeria, Cameroon, DR Congo, Gabon face off in African play-offs, BBC Sport Africa looks at how one nation can still reach the 2026 World Cup. 40 mins ago Africa Sport How the US overtook China as Africa's biggest foreign investor As the two nations vie for key materials, the US has regained the lead in foreign direct investments in African countries. 18 hrs ago Business Sudan civil war Sudan capital hit by drone attacks a day after RSF agrees to truce - reports The reported strikes come as the military-led government says it would be wary of agreeing to a ceasefire. 'Our job is only killing' - how Sudan's brutal militia carried out a massacre BBC Verify tracks how the RSF killed unarmed people in a massacre that humanitarian officials believe left 2,000 dead. Sudan's life-saving community kitchens on verge of collapse This follows confirmation by a global hunger monitor that famine conditions are spreading in conflict zones. He made his money selling camels and gold. Now this warlord controls half of Sudan Mohamed Hamdan Dagalo will either lead a breakaway state or seek to take control of the whole country, Sudanese say. 'I was accused of spying and beaten' - a boy's escape from captured Sudan city A 12-year-old tells the BBC that in the chaos he lost contact with his family and is now on his own at a camp. Features and analysis The ex-president's daughter who faces terror-related charges South African Duduzile Zuma-Sambudla, accused of stoking deadly protests, denies the charges. The president blamed for shattering Tanzania's aura of stability The manner of Samia Suluhu Hassan's re-election has earned the country a rare rebuke from the African Union. Trove of records reveals Kenya's forgotten World War soldiers Thousands of Kenyans, who fought for Britain, are buried in unknown locations and were never commemorated. Panache, parades and power: Africa's top shots A selection of the week's best photos from across the African continent and beyond. Are Christians being persecuted in Nigeria as Trump claims? Donald Trump says thousands of Christians are being killed in Nigeria - where has he got the numbers from? Can Trump expel South Africa from the G20? The US leader has repeatedly accused South Africa of persecuting its white minority - which Pretoria denies. 'One of us': Ugandan pride in New York mayor with roots in their country A professor describes Mamdani as "one of us" while some young Ugandans take inspiration from the 34-year-old's victory. 'My skin was peeling' - the African women tricked into making Russian drones A BBC investigation finds evidence that young African women are being tricked into building Russian drones. Sport 'Flying' Sarr easing Crystal Palace's Eze loss Ismaila Sarr shines as Crystal Palace earn first home victory in Europa Conference League this term. Being Premier League's only black manager 'a privilege' - Sao Tome-born Nuno The West Ham boss says he is "honoured" to act as a role model and believes there are "a lot" of talented black coaches who can follow in his footsteps. Morocco sweat as PSG star Hakimi ruled out for 'several weeks' Morocco suffer a blow before the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations as their captain Achraf Hakimi injures an ankle injury playing for PSG. 'Drug addiction' ends Williams' Zimbabwe career All-rounder Sean Williams will no longer be considered for selection after admitting to a drug addiction, Zimbabwe Cricket announces. Line-up for expanded 16-team Wafcon 2026 decided Cameroon, Egypt, Ivory Coast and Mali become the final four qualifiers for the 2026 Women's Africa Cup of Nations based on their world rankings. Watch/Listen We will never accept stolen votes, says Cameroon opposition leader Cameroon opposition leader Issa Tchiroma Bakary is adamant that he's the winner of the presidential election. Tyson hails Congolese roots on Rumble in the Jungle visit Mike Tyson was a hit with boxing fans in Kinshasa after embracing his African roots as part of ongoing celebrations for the iconic Rumble in the Jungle. Thousands of grief-stricken mourners attend Raila Odinga's funeral Thousands of mourners attend the state funeral of former Prime Minister Raila Odinga in Nairobi. The moment Madagascar's new president was sworn in Colonel Michael Randrianirina is sworn in as the new president of Madagascar at a ceremony in the capital. Police fire tear gas at crowds mourning former Kenyan prime minister Thousands of mourners fill the streets of Nairobi from the airport to the Kasarani Stadium to pay their respects. Programmes and podcasts Live: World Service for Africa Focus on Africa Podcast Three essential stories to round off your working day. Explaining the news from Africa. This is Africa Latest updates 2 hrs ago Protesters force delay to opening of Nigeria's new art museum The protesters are angry that the area's traditional ruler is not involved in the new museum. 2 hrs ago 6 hrs ago A simple guide to what is happening in Sudan Sudan was thrown into disarray in 2023 when its army and a paramilitary group began a power struggle. 6 hrs ago 6 hrs ago Jacob Zuma's daughter denies terrorism charges as her trial starts Zuma-Sambudla is accused of fuelling a wave of protests that hit South Africa after her father's arrest. 6 hrs ago 8 hrs ago Malian TikToker killed by suspected jihadists after pro-army posts Mariam Cissé, said to be in her 20s, was accused of providing information to the army. 8 hrs ago 18 hrs ago Ahead of the G20, is Johannesburg's city centre in ruins? Some residents in the heart of the South African city are living amid sewage in derelict buildings run by criminal gangs. 18 hrs ago 21 hrs ago British man dies after being shot during robbery in Ghana A manhunt is under way for the 68-year-old's killer and other suspects who were at the scene in Tema. 21 hrs ago 1 day ago Uganda president admits Kenyan activists were arrested and held in 'the fridge' Long-serving leader Yoweri Museveni blames "foreign groups" for stoking unrest. 1 day ago 1 day ago The president blamed for shattering Tanzania's aura of stability The manner of Samia Suluhu Hassan's re-election has earned the country a rare rebuke from the African Union. 1 day ago 2 days ago The ex-president's daughter who faces terror-related charges South African Duduzile Zuma-Sambudla, accused of stoking deadly protests, denies the charges. 2 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 14 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/asia
News News Asia China India LIVE Eight killed after explosion near major Delhi landmark, police say The blast happened near one of the Indian capital's most famous buildings, the 17th Century Red Fort. Thailand suspends Cambodia 'peace deal' The two sides signed the agreement at a ceremony overseen by US President Donald Trump two weeks ago. 7 hrs ago Asia Indonesia names ex-dictator Suharto a 'national hero' The controversial legacy of Suharto's New Order regime has sparked heated protests against the move. 13 hrs ago Asia China exempts chips used by carmakers from export curbs The block on exports of the company's chips had raised fears that European car production would be hit. 12 hrs ago Business Dozens detained after rare protest demanding Delhi clean up its toxic air Over the past three weeks, the air quality in Delhi and its suburbs has been hazardous, and it continues to worsen. 11 hrs ago Asia Typhoon moves away from Philippines after killing two Fung-wong, which hit the Philippines as a super typhoon and later weakened, is expected to move to Taiwan. 15 hrs ago Asia Philippines typhoon aftermath: 'Water levels are rising fast' A weakened Typhoon Fung-wong is now passing over the South China Sea, after leaving two people dead in the Philippines. 10 hrs ago Asia Seven dead after migrant boat sinks near Thai-Malaysian border Hundreds of Rohingyas, who fled Myanmar in hopes of a better life in Malaysia, remain missing. More than 50 people injured in blast at mosque in Jakarta school complex Authorities say a 17-year-old suspected of causing the explosion during Friday prayers is in surgery. Man jailed for life over 'monstrous' killing of family Febrio De-Zoysa was living in Ottawa with the parents and four children when he fatally stabbed them. China launches new aircraft carrier in naval race with the US The Fujian uses electromagnetic catapults that allow planes to strike from a greater distance. British grandmother flies home after 12 years on Indonesian death row Lindsay Sandiford, who was sentenced to death in Indonesia in 2013, was freed on humanitarian grounds. Features Harshita was murdered a year ago - so why has her killer not been caught, family ask Police have charged Harshita Brella's husband with murder - but, despite sightings, he remains on the run. Thousands of Chinese lured abroad and forced to be scammers - now Beijing is cracking down Myanmar's scam clans are being brought to justice in the full glare of Chinese state TV. Small-town India to cricket World champions: The women who made history Many women in India's cricket World Cup winning team come from small towns and humble beginnings. Miss Universe contestants walk out after organiser berates Miss Mexico Video of the incident, which was live streamed, has been shared widely on the internet. A popular rapper held over an influencer's death: What we know so far Police have reclassified Iris Hsieh's "sudden death" as murder and remanded Namewee in custody. Latest updates 43 mins ago At least eight killed after car explodes near Delhi's Red Fort Twenty more were injured in the blast, the cause of which is still unknown, authorities say. 43 mins ago 2 hrs ago Verified videos show aftermath of explosion in Delhi Police say eight people have been killed after a car explodes near Delhi's Red Fort landmark in India. 2 hrs ago 6 hrs ago Seven dead after migrant boat sinks near Thai-Malaysian border Hundreds of Rohingyas, who fled Myanmar in hopes of a better life in Malaysia, remain missing. 6 hrs ago 7 hrs ago Thailand suspends Cambodia 'peace deal' The two sides signed the agreement at a ceremony overseen by US President Donald Trump two weeks ago. 7 hrs ago 10 hrs ago Philippines typhoon aftermath: 'Water levels are rising fast' A weakened Typhoon Fung-wong is now passing over the South China Sea, after leaving two people dead in the Philippines. 10 hrs ago 11 hrs ago Dozens detained after rare protest demanding Delhi clean up its toxic air Over the past three weeks, the air quality in Delhi and its suburbs has been hazardous, and it continues to worsen. 11 hrs ago 13 hrs ago Indonesia names ex-dictator Suharto a 'national hero' The controversial legacy of Suharto's New Order regime has sparked heated protests against the move. 13 hrs ago 13 hrs ago Waves smash Philippines coastline as typhoon hits Footage from 9 November shows swells from Typhoon Fung-wong surging over houses and palm trees. 13 hrs ago 15 hrs ago Typhoon moves away from Philippines after killing two Fung-wong, which hit the Philippines as a super typhoon and later weakened, is expected to move to Taiwan. 15 hrs ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 15 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/asia/china
News News Asia China India China launches new aircraft carrier in naval race with the US The Fujian uses electromagnetic catapults that allow planes to strike from a greater distance. 3 days ago Asia Starbucks to sell majority stake in China business The coffee giant entered China more than a quarter of a century ago but has faced tough competition in recent years. 7 days ago Business Watch: US and China's different reports of their trade meeting The BBC's Laura Bicker explains how the two nation's have reported on the trade negotiations. 30 Oct 2025 World Handshakes and whispers: Trump and Xi's meeting…in 73 seconds Trump says the meeting with President Xi, which was their first face-to-face interaction since 2019, was a "great success". 30 Oct 2025 World 300 million tourists just visited China's stunning Xinjiang region. There's a side they didn't see China has repackaged Xinjiang into a tourist haven, touting "ethnic" experiences that activists say it's trying to erase. 1 Nov 2025 Asia China to loosen chip export ban to Europe after Netherlands row EU-China chip disputes alarmed carmakers amid concerns it could halt global car productions 1 Nov 2025 Europe Trump hails 'amazing' meeting with China's Xi but no formal trade deal agreed The US president and his Chinese counterpart met face-to-face for the first time in six years. 30 Oct 2025 World Features Trade, tariffs and TikTok: Why it matters that Trump and Xi are talking again The two leaders met face-to-face for the first time in six years on Thursday. Xi and Trump find temporary truce as China plays longer game Talks have helped to steady a rocky relationship between the world's top two economies - but the rivalry persists. Three things you need to know about the Trump-Xi meeting The two world leaders are set to hold talks in South Korea, after months of escalating trade tension between the US and China. China controls the rare earths the world buys - can Trump's new deals change that? The agreements are a clear bid to reduce dependence on China, ahead of a key meeting with Xi Jinping. Trump's week in Asia: BBC correspondents on the wins and potential losses Here's what you should know as the US president arrives for a whirlwind week of diplomacy. Latest updates 12 hrs ago China exempts chips used by carmakers from export curbs The block on exports of the company's chips had raised fears that European car production would be hit. 12 hrs ago 2 days ago Thousands of Chinese lured abroad and forced to be scammers - now Beijing is cracking down Myanmar's scam clans are being brought to justice in the full glare of Chinese state TV. 2 days ago 3 days ago China launches new aircraft carrier in naval race with the US The Fujian uses electromagnetic catapults that allow planes to strike from a greater distance. 3 days ago 5 days ago What tariffs has Trump announced and why? Trump's volatile trade policy has thrown the world economy into chaos, and put some US prices up. 5 days ago 6 days ago China sentences infamous Myanmar scam mafia members to death The Bai family is among notorious crime gangs ensnared in a crackdown on scam networks. 6 days ago 7 days ago Shein bans all sex dolls after outrage over childlike products Every listing and image related to the sex dolls has been removed from Shein's platform, the firm says. 7 days ago 7 days ago Starbucks to sell majority stake in China business The coffee giant entered China more than a quarter of a century ago but has faced tough competition in recent years. 7 days ago 7 days ago Trump's planned tests are 'not nuclear explosions', US energy secretary says Chris Wright says the tests will be "non-critical explosions", meaning that Americans would not be seeing mushroom clouds. 7 days ago 2 Nov 2025 Shein accused of selling childlike sex dolls in France The fast fashion giant says it delisted the items "immediately" from its website and is investigating. 2 Nov 2025 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 16 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/asia/india
News News Asia China India LIVE Eight killed after explosion near major Delhi landmark, police say The blast happened near one of the Indian capital's most famous buildings, the 17th Century Red Fort. India's data centre boom confronts a looming water challenge Energy hungry, water-guzzling data centres could affect India's decarbonisation plans, say experts. 19 hrs ago Asia Iconic Indian comic publisher loses precious drawings in fire For millions of Indians, Amar Chitra Katha has been a gateway to stories about religion, mythology and history. 2 days ago Asia Gurinder Chadha on Bend It Like Beckham sequel and new film Christmas Karma The director on pressure to get her sequel right, while also working on a reimagining of A Christmas Carol. 2 days ago Asia Dozens detained after rare protest demanding Delhi clean up its toxic air Over the past three weeks, the air quality in Delhi and its suburbs has been hazardous, and it continues to worsen. 11 hrs ago Asia India win sparks surge in sales for T20 World Cup There has been a surge of tickets bought for next summer's Women's T20 World Cup in England following India's victory in the 50-over version. 9 hrs ago Harshita was murdered a year ago - so why has her killer not been caught, family ask Police have charged Harshita Brella's husband with murder - but, despite sightings, he remains on the run. 20 hrs ago Northamptonshire Features Why tech giants are offering premium AI tools to millions of Indians for free Experts say India’s vast, diverse and young user base makes it a key market for global AI expansion. Blame game over Air India crash goes on A judge in India's Supreme Court has insisted that nobody can blame the aircraft's captain. Small-town India to cricket World champions: The women who made history Many women in India's cricket World Cup winning team come from small towns and humble beginnings. 'I thought it was a prank' - How a Brazilian woman became the face of India vote fraud row Congress MP Rahul Gandhi alleges that Larissa Nery's photo appeared on the voters' list in Haryana 22 times. In Mamdani's New York win, India's Nehru finds an echo At his New York victory rally, Zohran Mamdani gave a nod to Nehru’s iconic speech marking India's independence. Watch Fans celebrate India women's World Cup win India's women's cricket team beat South Africa by 52 runs in the final on Sunday night. Trump imitates India's PM Narendra Modi in South Korea Trump impersonated Modi while recalling his conversations from the May India-Pakistan conflict Woman saved after slipping while boarding a moving train Video released by India’s Southern Railways shows the moment a woman nearly fell in between a moving train and a station platform. Millions of Diwali lamps light up Indian town to set new world record A record 2.6 million earthen lamps were lit on Sunday in Ayodhya, Uttar Pradesh. Five die after Indian city receives worst single-spell rainfall in years Several neighbourhoods in Kolkata have been inundated, with water entering people's homes. Latest updates 43 mins ago At least eight killed after car explodes near Delhi's Red Fort Twenty more were injured in the blast, the cause of which is still unknown, authorities say. 43 mins ago 2 hrs ago Verified videos show aftermath of explosion in Delhi Police say eight people have been killed after a car explodes near Delhi's Red Fort landmark in India. 2 hrs ago 11 hrs ago Dozens detained after rare protest demanding Delhi clean up its toxic air Over the past three weeks, the air quality in Delhi and its suburbs has been hazardous, and it continues to worsen. 11 hrs ago 19 hrs ago India's data centre boom confronts a looming water challenge Energy hungry, water-guzzling data centres could affect India's decarbonisation plans, say experts. 19 hrs ago 20 hrs ago Harshita was murdered a year ago - so why has her killer not been caught, family ask Police have charged Harshita Brella's husband with murder - but, despite sightings, he remains on the run. 20 hrs ago 1 day ago Football fans raise £20k for Punjab flood relief Aston Villa fan group Punjabi Villans say they are "bursting with pride" to hand over the cheque. 1 day ago 2 days ago Bend It Like Beckham director has a sequel - and a spin on a Christmas classic The director on pressure to get her sequel right, while also working on a reimagining of A Christmas Carol. 2 days ago 2 days ago Iconic Indian comic publisher loses precious drawings in fire For millions of Indians, Amar Chitra Katha has been a gateway to stories about religion, mythology and history. 2 days ago 2 days ago India win Australia T20 series after Brisbane washout India claim a 2-1 win in their T20 series against Australia after the fifth and final match in Brisbane is washed out. 2 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 17 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/australia
News News Australia John Laws, veteran Australian talkback radio host nicknamed 'Golden Tonsils', dies aged 90 The successful but polarising Australian broadcaster had a career spanning more than 70 years. 18 hrs ago Australia 'Nestflix': Peregrine falcon livestream has Australians glued to their screens Fans of the birds, whose lives have been compared to Game of Thrones, are currently waiting with bated breath for this year's chicks to fledge. 3 days ago Australia Great Barrier Reef may partially recover from 'grim future' if global warming stays below 2C A new study has found certain corals are more resilient in warmer waters, giving hope to the world-famous reef. 5 days ago Australia Australian teen charged over allegedly sticking googly eyes on 'Blue Blob' artwork A local council said the repairs to the bright blue sculpture would be 'significant'. 5 days ago Australia Australia see off England for Ashes clean sweep England fall to another rugby league Ashes defeat as Australia add to their misery at Headingley to complete a 3-0 series clean sweep. 2 days ago Rugby League Kiwis and Jillaroos triumph at Pacific Championships New Zealand's men and Australia's women triumph at the Pacific Championships with decisive victories in Parramatta. 1 day ago Rugby League Man catches fire after power bank overheats at Melbourne airport lounge Staff helped the man, aged in his 50s, into a shower and he was treated for burns to his leg and fingers. 4 days ago Australia Features & Analysis 'Australia not a bunch of old-timers - they're an outstanding team' Australia's squad is older than England's and many are playing in their last Ashes, but they remain an outstanding team, says Stephan Shemilt. Friendly Albanese-Trump meeting masks Australia's creeping doubts about US The talks in Washington were a win for Australia, but at home many are nervous about the relationship. Fatal attack revives debate over controversial shark nets in Australia The use of controversial shark nets was about to be scaled back in Sydney when a surfer was killed. The sunscreen scandal shocking Australia - the world's skin cancer hotspot It has shaken consumer trust and raised questions about global sunscreen regulation. Messages in a bottle from WWI soldiers found on Australian coast The notes were thrown overboard just a few days into a voyage to join the battlefields of France more than a century ago. Watch/Listen Slow-motion footage reveals secrets of snake bites Scientists working out of a venom laboratory in Paris studied which snakes strike their prey fastest. Trump to Australian ambassador: 'I don't like you either' In 2020, Kevin Rudd wrote on social media that he believed Trump was the 'most destructive' president in US history. Watch: Millions of red crabs begin annual migration on Christmas Island The island off mainland Australia experiences the event every summer, when around 50 million crabs scuttle down from their homes to the beach to lay eggs. Watch: Brits row from Peru to Australia in tiny boat Jess Rowe and Miriam Payne told the BBC how they made the six-month journey unsupported, catching fish and growing their own vegetables. Watch: Dolphin calf rescued from fishing line entanglement The mother and calf were spotted in late September, with the young dolphin’s swimming ability noticeably impeded by a fishing line caught around its tail. Latest updates 18 hrs ago John Laws, veteran Australian talkback radio host nicknamed 'Golden Tonsils', dies aged 90 The successful but polarising Australian broadcaster had a career spanning more than 70 years. 18 hrs ago 3 days ago 'Nestflix': Peregrine falcon livestream has Australians glued to their screens Fans of the birds, whose lives have been compared to Game of Thrones, are currently waiting with bated breath for this year's chicks to fledge. 3 days ago 4 days ago Man catches fire after power bank overheats at Melbourne airport lounge Staff helped the man, aged in his 50s, into a shower and he was treated for burns to his leg and fingers. 4 days ago 4 days ago Cummins 'on track' to return for second Ashes Test Australia captain Pat Cummins says he is "on track" to play the second Ashes Test against England as he recovers from a back injury. 4 days ago 5 days ago Australian teen charged over allegedly sticking googly eyes on 'Blue Blob' artwork A local council said the repairs to the bright blue sculpture would be 'significant'. 5 days ago 5 days ago Great Barrier Reef may partially recover from 'grim future' if global warming stays below 2C A new study has found certain corals are more resilient in warmer waters, giving hope to the world-famous reef. 5 days ago 5 days ago 'Australia not a bunch of old-timers - they're an outstanding team' Australia's squad is older than England's and many are playing in their last Ashes, but they remain an outstanding team, says Stephan Shemilt. 5 days ago 5 days ago Cruise ship that left woman to die on island boarded by investigators Officials from the Australian Maritime Safety Authority boarded the Coral Adventurer on Wednesday morning local time. 5 days ago 5 days ago Who are the players in Australia's Ashes squad? BBC Sport profiles the players in Australia's squad for the opening Ashes Test against England. 5 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

## 18 NewsNews
https://www.bbc.com/news/world/europe
News News Europe Former French president Sarkozy released from prison after three weeks The former French president was jailed in October for conspiring to fund his election campaign with money from late Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi. 1 hr ago Europe Trial for suspect of deadly Magdeburg market attack begins Five people, including a nine-year-old boy, were killed in the attack on a Christmas market in the German town last year. 3 hrs ago Europe What Hungary's Orban did - and didn't - get from Trump On the surface, the Hungarian PM's trip was exactly what he wanted, but the full picture is more complex, writes the BBC's Nick Thorpe. 2 days ago World Trump gives Hungary one-year exemption from Russian energy sanctions The opt-out comes despite the US increasing pressure on allies to sever economic ties with Russia. 3 days ago Europe Mystery 'fedora man' at Louvre heist scene revealed as teenage detective fan The mystery youth in the photo turns out to be Pedro Elias Garzon Delvaux, a 15-year-old detective fan. 20 hrs ago Europe Three dead and 15 injured in Tenerife tidal surge Emergency services have warned tourists and locals to keep away from coastal paths due to rough sea conditions. 1 day ago Europe Six dead as Russia hits energy and residential sites in Ukraine Overnight, 25 locations including Kyiv were hit, leaving many areas without electricity and heating. 2 days ago Europe Thousands take to Lisbon streets over proposed labour laws The government wants to make it easier for employers to fire people and to limit some compassionate leave. Serbia clears the way for controversial Trump-linked property plan The president's son-in-law wants to build a hotel on the ruins of the former Yugoslav Army headquarters. Belgium rushes to secure drone defences after airport disruption After drone sightings cause Zaventem airport near Brussels to close temporarily, Belgium turns to its European allies for help. Four held after protesters set off flares during Israeli orchestra concert in Paris Clashes broke out during one of three disruptions to the performance featuring conductor Lahav Shani. British man jailed after trying to spy for Russia Howard Phillips's ex-wife said he dreamt of being like James Bond and was infatuated with MI6. Features & Analysis Ukrainians would like to watch comedies - but for now their culture is defined by war Nearly four years on from Russia's invasion, the arts are back but the war permeates everything. South Africans trapped in Donbas after joining Russia-Ukraine war, Ramaphosa says It is unclear whether the citizens were fighting on behalf of Russia or Ukraine. Freed in Trump deal: Prisoners in exile tell of brutality behind bars in Belarus They were freed in September under a deal between Belarus's authoritarian leader Alexander Lukashenko and US President Donald Trump. 'My skin was peeling' - the African women tricked into making Russian drones A BBC investigation finds evidence that young African women are being tricked into building Russian drones. My pregnant teen toasts bread over a candle flame in Georgian prison, mum says Billingham teenager Bella Culley is facing two years in prison in Georgia, South Caucasus. Watch/Listen Queues and protests: BBC at the Shein store opening in Paris The online shopping giant opened its first physical shop in the world - in a Parisian department store. Watch: Train smashes into truck at Dutch level crossing Five people sustained minor injuries but nobody was seriously hurt in the incident in Meteren. Watch: Moment nuclear plant towers collapse during demolition Two nuclear cooling towers in the town of Gundremmingen, Germany, collapse into large swirls of thick, white dust during demolition. 'Heist made it more exciting to go to the Louvre': Tourists react as museum reopens The famous Paris museum reopened on Wednesday, three days after millions of euros worth of jewellery stolen in broad daylight. Latest updates 1 hr ago Former French president Sarkozy released from prison after three weeks The former French president was jailed in October for conspiring to fund his election campaign with money from late Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi. 1 hr ago 3 hrs ago Trial for suspect of deadly Magdeburg market attack begins Five people, including a nine-year-old boy, were killed in the attack on a Christmas market in the German town last year. 3 hrs ago 18 hrs ago A Kremlin target? Exiled Church man hits back at claims of spying A former leading figure in the Russian Orthodox Church breaks his silence after an ex-aide levels allegations against him. 18 hrs ago 20 hrs ago Mystery 'fedora man' at Louvre heist scene revealed as teenage detective fan The mystery youth in the photo turns out to be Pedro Elias Garzon Delvaux, a 15-year-old detective fan. 20 hrs ago 1 day ago Three dead and 15 injured in Tenerife tidal surge Emergency services have warned tourists and locals to keep away from coastal paths due to rough sea conditions. 1 day ago 1 day ago UK to help protect Belgium after suspected Russian drone incursions Sir Richard Knighton, the UK military chief, says his Belgian counterpart requested assistance in the form of personnel and equipment this week. 1 day ago 2 days ago 'Did you give a lift to a hitchhiker?' - appeal over 1995 Jo Jo Dullard disappearance Josephine “Jo Jo” Dullard was 21 when she went missing from Moone in County Kildare in 1995. 2 days ago 2 days ago Thousands take to Lisbon streets over proposed labour laws The government wants to make it easier for employers to fire people and to limit some compassionate leave. 2 days ago 2 days ago Six dead as Russia hits energy and residential sites in Ukraine Overnight, 25 locations including Kyiv were hit, leaving many areas without electricity and heating. 2 days ago 1 2 3 4 5 ... 12

